







































10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 1/241

DEFM14A 1 d601099ddefm14a.htm DEFM14A

Table of Contents

  

UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549
 

 

SCHEDULE 14A
Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 

 

Filed by the Registrant  ☒

Filed by a Party other than the Registrant  ☐
Check the appropriate box:
 

☐  Preliminary Proxy Statement

☐  Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2))

☒  Definitive Proxy Statement

☐  Definitive Additional Materials

☐  Soliciting Material under §240.14a-12

ANDEAVOR
(Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter)

        
(Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant)

Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box):
☒  No fee required.
☐  Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11.

 
(1)

 
Title of each class of securities to which transaction applies:
     

 
(2)

 
Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies:
     

 

(3)

 

Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-
11 (set forth the amount on which the filing fee is calculated and state how it was determined):
     

 
(4)

 
Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction:
     

 
(5)

 
Total fee paid:
     

☐  Fee paid previously with preliminary materials.
☐

 

Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing
for which the offsetting fee was paid previously. Identify the previous filing by registration statement
number, or the Form or Schedule and the date of its filing.



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 2/241

 
(1)

 
Amount Previously Paid:
     

 
(2)

 
Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.:
     

 
(3)

 
Filing Party:
     

 
(4)

 
Date Filed:
     

   



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 3/241

Table of Contents

  

JOINT LETTER TO STOCKHOLDERS OF MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION AND STOCKHOLDERS OF ANDEAVOR

Dear Stockholders:

Marathon Petroleum Corporation, which is referred to as MPC, Andeavor, Mahi Inc. and Mahi LLC have entered into a merger agreement
providing for the acquisition of Andeavor by MPC. MPC stockholders as of the close of business on August 1, 2018, the record date, are invited to
attend a special meeting of MPC stockholders on September 24, 2018, at 10:00 AM Eastern Time to consider and vote upon a proposal to approve the
issuance of MPC common stock in connection with the merger and certain other matters related to the merger, as well as a proposal to increase the
number of authorized shares of MPC common stock and a proposal to increase the maximum number of directors permitted to serve on the MPC board.
Andeavor stockholders as of the close of business on August 1, 2018, the record date, are invited to attend a special meeting of Andeavor stockholders
on September 24, 2018, at 9:00 AM Central Time to consider and vote upon a proposal to adopt the merger agreement and certain other matters related
to the merger.

If you are an Andeavor stockholder and the merger contemplated by the merger agreement is completed, you will be entitled to elect to receive,
for each issued and outstanding share of Andeavor common stock owned by you immediately prior to the effective time of the merger of Mahi Inc. with
and into Andeavor, which is referred to as the first merger, either 1.87 shares of MPC common stock, which is referred to as the stock consideration, or
$152.27 in cash, which is referred to as the cash consideration. Elections to receive cash consideration and stock consideration are subject to allocation
and proration procedures set forth in the merger agreement to ensure that the total number of shares of Andeavor common stock converted into the right
to receive cash consideration is equal to 22,885,359 shares, which is referred to as the cash election number, and the remaining shares of Andeavor
common stock to be converted in the merger will be converted into the right to receive stock consideration. If you make no election or an untimely
election, or are otherwise deemed not to have submitted an effective form of election, you will be deemed to have made an election to receive the stock
consideration. The precise consideration that you will receive will not be known at the time that you vote on the adoption of the merger agreement or
make an election because it is dependent upon the aggregate number of shares of Andeavor common stock in respect of which elections to receive the
cash consideration and the stock consideration are made. For a description of the consideration that Andeavor stockholders will receive upon completion
of the merger, and the potential adjustments to this consideration, see the section entitled “The Merger—Consideration to Andeavor Stockholders”
beginning on page 78 of the accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus.

The market value of the stock consideration, but not the cash consideration, will fluctuate with the price of MPC common stock. Based on the
closing price of MPC common stock on April 27, 2018, the last trading day before the public announcement of the signing of the merger agreement, the
value of the stock consideration payable to holders of Andeavor common stock upon completion of the merger was approximately $152.27 per share.
Based on the closing price of MPC common stock on August 2, 2018, the last practicable date before the date of filing of the joint proxy
statement/prospectus accompanying this letter, the value of the stock consideration payable to holders of Andeavor common stock upon completion of
the merger was approximately $149.10 per share. Andeavor stockholders should obtain current stock price quotations for MPC common stock and
Andeavor common stock. MPC common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange, which is referred to as the NYSE, under the symbol “MPC,”
and Andeavor common stock is traded on the NYSE under the symbol “ANDV.”

The merger is intended to qualify as a “reorganization” within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended,
which is referred to as the Internal Revenue Code. Assuming the merger qualifies as a reorganization, a stockholder of Andeavor generally will not
recognize any gain or loss upon receipt of the stock consideration in the merger, will recognize gain (but not loss) in an amount not to exceed any cash
consideration received in the merger (other than cash received in lieu of a fractional share) and will recognize gain or loss with respect to any cash
received in lieu of a fractional share of MPC common stock, as discussed in the section entitled “Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the
Merger” beginning on page 188 of the accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus.

MPC and Andeavor will each hold a special meeting of its stockholders to consider certain matters relating to the proposed merger, as well as
certain other matters. MPC and Andeavor cannot complete the proposed merger unless, among other things, MPC stockholders approve the issuance of
shares of MPC common stock in connection with the merger, and Andeavor stockholders adopt the merger agreement.



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 4/241

Table of Contents

Your vote is very important. To ensure your representation at your company’s special meeting, please complete and return the enclosed proxy card
or submit your proxy via the Internet or by telephone. Please vote promptly whether or not you expect to attend your company’s special meeting.
Submitting a proxy now will not prevent you from being able to vote in person at your company’s special meeting if you are otherwise eligible to vote at
such meeting.

Paul L. Foster and Franklin Mountain Investments, LP entered into a voting agreement with MPC, Mahi Inc., Mahi LLC and Andeavor pursuant
to which they have agreed, among other things, to vote all of the shares of Andeavor common stock beneficially owned by them (constituting
approximately 5.2% of the issued and outstanding shares of Andeavor common stock as of April 26, 2018), excluding certain shares of Andeavor
common stock that are subject to a pre-existing 10b5-1 trading plan, in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement and other items, on the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth in the voting agreement.

The MPC board of directors has determined that the merger agreement, the voting agreement, the merger and the other transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement and the voting agreement are fair to, and in the best interests of, MPC and its stockholders; has
unanimously approved the merger agreement, the voting agreement, the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement and the voting agreement, including the issuance of shares of MPC common stock in connection with the merger; and unanimously
recommends that MPC stockholders vote “FOR” the issuance of MPC common stock in connection with the merger and “FOR” each of the
other MPC proposals described in the accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus.

The Andeavor board of directors has determined that the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement are
fair to, and in the best interests of, Andeavor and its stockholders; has unanimously approved and declared advisable the merger agreement
and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the merger; and unanimously recommends that Andeavor stockholders vote “FOR” the
adoption of the merger agreement and the approval of the transactions contemplated thereby, including the merger and “FOR” each of the
other Andeavor proposals described in the accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus.

The obligations of MPC and Andeavor to complete the merger are subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in the merger
agreement, a copy of which is included as part of the accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus. The joint proxy statement/prospectus provides
you with detailed information about the proposed merger. It also contains or references information about MPC and Andeavor and certain related
matters. You are encouraged to read the joint proxy statement/prospectus carefully and in its entirety. In particular, you should carefully read the section
entitled “Risk Factors” beginning on page 49 of the accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus for a discussion of risks you should consider in
evaluating the proposed merger and the issuance of shares of MPC common stock in connection with the merger and how they will affect you.

Sincerely,
 
 

Gary R. Heminger
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Marathon Petroleum Corporation  

Gregory J. Goff
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Andeavor

Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of the merger, the
adoption of the merger agreement, the issuance of MPC common stock in connection with the merger, the proposed amendments to the MPC
certificate of incorporation or any other transactions described in the accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus, or passed upon the
adequacy or accuracy of the disclosure in this document. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.

This document is dated August 3, 2018, and is first being mailed to stockholders of MPC and Andeavor on or about August 6, 2018.



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 5/241

Table of Contents

MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS TO BE HELD ON
SEPTEMBER 24, 2018 IN THE AUDITORIUM OF MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION, 539 SOUTH MAIN STREET, FINDLAY,

OHIO 45840

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that a special meeting of stockholders of Marathon Petroleum Corporation, which is referred to as MPC, will be held on
September 24, 2018, at 10:00 AM Eastern Time in the Auditorium of Marathon Petroleum Corporation, 539 South Main Street, Findlay, Ohio 45840, for
the following purposes:
 

 
•  to consider and vote on a proposal to approve the issuance of shares of MPC common stock in connection with the merger as contemplated

by the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 29, 2018, as such agreement may be amended from time to time, which is referred
to as the merger agreement, among Andeavor, MPC, Mahi Inc. and Mahi LLC, which is referred to as the MPC issuance proposal;

 

 
•  to consider and vote on a proposal to adopt an amendment to the restated certificate of incorporation of MPC, as amended, which is referred

to as the MPC certificate of incorporation, to increase the number of authorized shares of MPC common stock from one billion to two
billion, which is referred to as the MPC authorized stock COI amendment proposal;

 

 
•  to consider and vote on a proposal to adopt an amendment to the MPC certificate of incorporation to increase the maximum number of

directors permitted to serve on the MPC board of directors, which is referred to as the MPC board, from 12 to 14, which is referred to as the
MPC board size COI amendment proposal; and

 

 

•  to consider and vote on a proposal to adjourn the MPC special meeting, if reasonably necessary, to provide stockholders with any required
supplement or amendment to the accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus or to solicit additional proxies in the event there are not
sufficient votes at the time of the MPC special meeting to approve the MPC issuance proposal, which is referred to as the MPC adjournment
proposal.

MPC stockholder approval of the MPC issuance proposal is required to complete the merger. MPC stockholders will also be asked to approve the
MPC authorized stock COI amendment proposal, the MPC board size COI amendment proposal and, if necessary, the MPC adjournment proposal. MPC
will transact no other business at the MPC special meeting. The record date for the MPC special meeting has been set as August 1, 2018. Only MPC
stockholders of record as of the close of business on such record date are entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the MPC special meeting or any
adjournments and postponements thereof. See the section entitled “Special Meeting of MPC Stockholders” beginning on page 63 of the joint proxy
statement/prospectus accompanying this notice for additional information.

The MPC board unanimously recommends that you vote “FOR” the MPC issuance proposal, “FOR” the MPC authorized stock COI
amendment proposal, “FOR” the MPC board size COI amendment proposal and “FOR” the MPC adjournment proposal.

The MPC stockholder proposals are described in more detail in the accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus, which you should read
carefully in its entirety before you vote. A copy of the merger agreement is attached as Annex A to the accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus,
a copy of the voting agreement is attached as Annex B to the accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus, a copy of the proposed amendment with
respect to the MPC authorized stock COI amendment proposal is attached as Annex F to the accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus and a copy
of the proposed amendment with respect to the MPC board size COI amendment proposal is attached as Annex G to the accompanying joint proxy
statement/prospectus.



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 6/241

Table of Contents

PLEASE VOTE AS PROMPTLY AS POSSIBLE, WHETHER OR NOT YOU PLAN TO ATTEND THE MPC SPECIAL MEETING. IF
YOU LATER DESIRE TO REVOKE OR CHANGE YOUR PROXY FOR ANY REASON, YOU MAY DO SO IN THE MANNER
DESCRIBED IN THE ACCOMPANYING JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING
THE PROPOSALS BEING VOTED UPON, USE OF THE PROXY AND OTHER RELATED MATTERS, YOU ARE URGED TO READ
THE ACCOMPANYING JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS.
 

Your vote is important. Approval of the MPC issuance proposal by the MPC stockholders is a condition to the merger and requires the
affirmative vote of a majority of votes cast by MPC stockholders present in person or by proxy at the MPC special meeting and entitled to
vote on the proposal. MPC stockholders are requested to complete, date, sign and return the enclosed proxy in the envelope provided, which
requires no postage if mailed in the United States, or to submit their votes electronically via the Internet or by telephone. Simply follow the
instructions provided on the enclosed proxy card. Abstentions will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the MPC issuance proposal.

 
BY ORDER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS,

Molly R. Benson
Vice President, Chief Securities,
Governance and Compliance Officer and
Corporate Secretary



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 7/241

Table of Contents

ANDEAVOR
NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

TO BE HELD ON SEPTEMBER 24, 2018
AT JW MARRIOTT SAN ANTONIO, 23808 RESORT PARKWAY

SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS 78261

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that a special meeting of stockholders of Andeavor will be held on September 24, 2018 at 9:00 AM Central Time at JW
Marriott San Antonio, 23808 Resort Parkway, San Antonio, Texas 78261, for the following purposes:
 

 
•  to adopt the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 29, 2018, as such agreement may be amended from time to time, which is

referred to as the merger agreement, among Andeavor, Marathon Petroleum Corporation, Mahi Inc. and Mahi LLC, which is referred to as
the Andeavor merger proposal;

 

 
•  to consider and vote on a proposal to approve, by a non-binding advisory vote, certain compensation that may be paid or become payable to

Andeavor’s named executive officers that is based on or otherwise relates to the merger contemplated by the merger agreement, which is
referred to as the Andeavor compensation proposal; and

 

 

•  to consider and vote on a proposal to adjourn the Andeavor special meeting, if reasonably necessary, to provide stockholders with any
required supplement or amendment to the accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus or to solicit additional proxies in the event there
are not sufficient votes at the time of the Andeavor special meeting to approve the Andeavor merger proposal, which is referred to as the
Andeavor adjournment proposal.

Andeavor stockholder approval of the Andeavor merger proposal is required to complete the merger. Andeavor stockholders will also be asked to
approve the Andeavor compensation proposal and, if necessary, the Andeavor adjournment proposal. Andeavor will transact no other business at the
Andeavor special meeting. The record date for the Andeavor special meeting has been set as August 1, 2018. Only Andeavor stockholders of record as
of the close of business on such record date are entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the Andeavor special meeting or any adjournments and
postponements thereof. For additional information, see the section entitled “Special Meeting of Andeavor Stockholders” beginning on page 71 of the
joint proxy statement/prospectus accompanying this notice.

The Andeavor board unanimously recommends that you vote “FOR” the Andeavor merger proposal, “FOR” the Andeavor compensation
proposal and “FOR” the Andeavor adjournment proposal.

The Andeavor stockholder proposals are described in more detail in the accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus, which you should read
carefully in its entirety before you vote. A copy of the merger agreement is attached as Annex A to the accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus
and a copy of the voting agreement is attached as Annex B to the accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus.

PLEASE VOTE AS PROMPTLY AS POSSIBLE, WHETHER OR NOT YOU PLAN TO ATTEND THE ANDEAVOR SPECIAL
MEETING. IF YOU LATER DESIRE TO REVOKE OR CHANGE YOUR PROXY FOR ANY REASON, YOU MAY DO SO IN THE
MANNER DESCRIBED IN THE ACCOMPANYING JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION
CONCERNING THE PROPOSALS BEING VOTED UPON, USE OF THE PROXY AND OTHER RELATED MATTERS, YOU ARE
URGED TO READ THE ACCOMPANYING JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS.



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 8/241

Table of Contents

Your vote is important. Approval of the Andeavor merger proposal by the Andeavor stockholders is a condition to the merger and requires
the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of Andeavor common stock outstanding as of the close of business on the record date and
entitled to vote on the Andeavor merger proposal. Andeavor stockholders are requested to complete, date, sign and return the enclosed
proxy in the envelope provided, which requires no postage if mailed in the United States, or to submit their votes electronically via the
Internet or by telephone. Simply follow the instructions provided on the enclosed proxy card. Abstentions will have the same effect as a vote
“AGAINST” the Andeavor merger proposal.

 
BY ORDER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS,

Kim K. W. Rucker
Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 9/241

Table of Contents

REFERENCES TO ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

This joint proxy statement/prospectus incorporates important business and financial information about Marathon Petroleum Corporation, which is
referred to as MPC, and Andeavor from other documents that MPC and Andeavor have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which is
referred to as the SEC, and that are not contained herein or delivered herewith. For a listing of documents incorporated by reference herein, please see
the section entitled “Where You Can Find More Information” beginning on page 236. This information is available for you to review free of charge at
the SEC’s public reference room located at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, DC 20549, and through the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov.

You may request copies of this joint proxy statement/prospectus and any of the documents incorporated by reference herein or other information
concerning MPC or Andeavor, without charge, upon written or oral request to the applicable company’s principal executive offices. The respective
addresses and telephone numbers of such principal executive offices are listed below.
 

For MPC Stockholders:  For Andeavor Stockholders:

Marathon Petroleum Corporation
539 South Main Street

Findlay, OH 45840
Attention: Investor Relations

1-419-421-2414
MPCInvestorRelations@marathonpetroleum.com  

Andeavor
19100 Ridgewood Parkway

San Antonio, TX 78259
Attention: Investor Relations

1-210-626-4757
irelations@andeavor.com

To obtain timely delivery of these documents before MPC’s special meeting of stockholders, MPC stockholders must request the
information no later than September 17, 2018, which is five business days before the MPC special meeting.

To obtain timely delivery of these documents before Andeavor’s special meeting of stockholders, Andeavor stockholders must request the
information no later than September 17, 2018, which is five business days before the Andeavor special meeting.

In addition, if you have questions about the merger or the accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus, would like additional copies of
the joint proxy statement/prospectus or need to obtain proxy cards or other information related to the proxy solicitation, please contact
Innisfree M&A Incorporated, the proxy solicitor for both MPC and Andeavor, toll-free at 1-888-750-5834 or collect at 1-212-750-5833. You will
not be charged for any of these documents that you request.



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 10/241

Table of Contents

ABOUT THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS

This document, which forms part of a registration statement on Form S-4 filed with the SEC by MPC (Registration No. 333-225244), constitutes a
prospectus of MPC under Section 5 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, which is referred to as the Securities Act, with respect to the shares of
common stock of MPC, par value $0.01 per share, which is referred to as MPC common stock, to be issued to Andeavor stockholders pursuant to the
Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 29, 2018, as such agreement may be amended from time to time, which is referred to as the merger
agreement, among Andeavor, MPC, Mahi Inc., which is referred to as Merger Sub 1, and Mahi LLC, which is referred to as Merger Sub 2. This
document also constitutes a proxy statement of each of MPC and Andeavor under Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
which is referred to as the Exchange Act.

MPC has supplied all information contained or incorporated by reference herein relating to MPC, Merger Sub 1 and Merger Sub 2, and Andeavor
has supplied all information contained or incorporated by reference herein relating to Andeavor. MPC and Andeavor have both contributed to the
information relating to the merger contained in this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

You should rely only on the information contained in or incorporated by reference herein in connection with any vote, the giving or withholding of
any proxy, or any investment decision in connection with the merger. MPC and Andeavor have not authorized anyone to provide you with information
that is different from that contained in or incorporated by reference herein. This joint proxy statement/prospectus is dated August 3, 2018, and you
should not assume that the information contained in this joint proxy statement/prospectus is accurate as of any date other than such date unless otherwise
specifically provided herein. Further, you should not assume that the information incorporated by reference herein is accurate as of any date other than
the date of the incorporated document. Neither the mailing of this joint proxy statement/prospectus to MPC or Andeavor stockholders nor the issuance
by MPC of shares of its common stock pursuant to the merger agreement will create any implication to the contrary.



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 11/241

Table of Contents

TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
   Page 
QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER AND THE SPECIAL MEETINGS    1 
SUMMARY    19 

Information About the Companies    19 
The Merger and the Merger Agreement    20 
Voting and Support Agreement    20 
Recommendation of the MPC Board    21 
Recommendation of the Andeavor Board    21 
Opinions of Financial Advisors    21 
Special Meeting of MPC Stockholders    22 
Special Meeting of Andeavor Stockholders    23 
Directors of MPC Following the Merger    24 
Interests of Andeavor Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger    24 
Conditions to the Completion of the Merger    25 
Non-Solicitation by MPC or Andeavor    27 
Changes of Recommendation    27 
Termination    30 
Termination Fees    31 
Regulatory Approvals    33 
Appraisal Rights of Andeavor Stockholders    33 
Litigation Relating to the Merger    34 
Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger    34 
Comparison of Stockholders’ Rights    35 

SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA OF MPC    36 
SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA OF ANDEAVOR    38 
SELECTED UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED COMBINED FINANCIAL DATA    40 
COMPARATIVE HISTORICAL AND UNAUDITED PRO FORMA PER SHARE FINANCIAL DATA    42 
COMPARATIVE PER SHARE MARKET PRICE AND DIVIDEND INFORMATION    44 

MPC Market Price and Dividend Information    44 
Andeavor Market Price and Dividend Information    44 
Comparison of MPC and Andeavor Market Prices and Implied Value of Share Value of the Stock Consideration    45 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS    47 
RISK FACTORS    49 

Risks Relating to the Merger.    49 
Risks Relating to MPC’s Business.    60 
Risks Relating to Andeavor’s Business.    60 

INFORMATION ABOUT THE COMPANIES    61 
SPECIAL MEETING OF MPC STOCKHOLDERS    63 
MPC PROPOSALS    68 

MPC Issuance Proposal    68 
MPC Authorized Stock COI Amendment Proposal    68 
MPC Board Size COI Amendment Proposal    69 
MPC Adjournment Proposal    69 

SPECIAL MEETING OF ANDEAVOR STOCKHOLDERS    71 
ANDEAVOR PROPOSALS    76 

Merger Proposal    76 
Andeavor Compensation Proposal    76 
Andeavor Adjournment Proposal    77 

 
-i-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 12/241

Table of Contents

TABLE OF CONTENTS
(continued)

 
   Page  
THE MERGER    78 

Transaction Structure    78 
Consideration to Andeavor Stockholders    78 
Background of the Merger    79 
Recommendation of the MPC Board and Reasons for the Merger    89 
Opinion of Barclays, MPC’s Financial Advisor    93 
Recommendation of the Andeavor Board and Reasons for the Merger    119 
Opinion of Goldman Sachs, Andeavor’s Financial Advisor    124 
Unaudited Forecasted Financial Information    135 
Funding of the Merger and Indebtedness Following the Merger    144 
Regulatory Approvals    144 
Other Regulatory Approvals    145 
Litigation Relating to the Merger    145 
Appraisal Rights    145 
Directors of MPC Following the Merger    146 
Interests of Andeavor Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger    146 
Potential Acceleration of Andeavor Awards    146 
Executive Severance and Change in Control Plan    148 
Letter Agreement with Mr. Goff    149 
2018 Annual Cash Performance Bonuses    149 
Further Actions    149 
Indemnification and Insurance    149 
Advisory Vote on Merger-Related Compensation for Andeavor’s Named Executive Officers    150 
Reimbursement for Fees    153 
Listing of MPC Shares; Delisting and Deregistration of Andeavor Shares    153 
Accounting Treatment of the Merger    153 

THE MERGER AGREEMENT    154 
Explanatory Note Regarding the Merger Agreement    154 
The Merger    154 
Closing and Effective Time of the First Merger    154 
Merger Consideration    155 
Treatment of Andeavor Equity Awards in the Merger    156 
Election and Exchange Procedures    158 
Termination of the Exchange Fund    159 
Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Share Certificates    160 
Adjustments to Prevent Dilution    160 
Organizational Documents; Directors, Managers and Officers; NYSE Listing    160 
Dividends and Distributions on Shares of MPC Common Stock    161 
Withholdings    161 
Appraisal Rights    161 
Representations and Warranties    162 
Interim Operations of Andeavor and MPC Pending the Merger    165 
Non-Solicitation of Acquisition Proposals; Changes of Recommendation    168 
Special Meetings    174 
Reasonable Best Efforts; Regulatory Filings and Other Actions    175 
Employee Matters    176 
Transaction Litigation    177 
Access and Reports    178 
Election to MPC Board of Directors    178 
Dividend Cooperation    178 

 
-ii-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 13/241

Table of Contents

TABLE OF CONTENTS
(continued)

 
   Page  

Tax Treatment    178 
Company Debt Arrangements    178 
Funding    179 
Conditions to the Completion of the Merger    179 
Termination    181 
Expenses    184 
Indemnification; Directors’ and Officers’ Insurance    184 
Modification and Amendment    184 
Remedies    185 
Amendment    185 

VOTING AND SUPPORT AGREEMENT    186 
Voting    186 
Prohibition on Transfers    187 
Termination    187 

MATERIAL U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER    188 
UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    192 
NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    197 
DIRECTORS OF MPC FOLLOWING THE MERGER    208 
COMPARISON OF STOCKHOLDERS’ RIGHTS    209 
APPRAISAL RIGHTS OF ANDEAVOR STOCKHOLDERS    222 
SHARE OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT/DIRECTORS OF MPC    227 

Security Ownership of Directors and Executive Officers    227 
Security Ownership of Other Beneficial Owners    228 

SHARE OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT/DIRECTORS OF ANDEAVOR    229 
Security Ownership of Directors and Executive Officers    229 
Security Ownership of Other Beneficial Owners    230 

VALIDITY OF COMMON STOCK    231 
TAX OPINION    232 
EXPERTS    233 

MPC    233 
Andeavor    233 
Western Refining    233 

STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS    233 
MPC Stockholder Proposals    233 
Andeavor Stockholder Proposals    233 

HOUSEHOLDING OF PROXY MATERIALS    234 
MPC Householding    234 
Andeavor Householding    234 

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION    236 
ANNEX A—MERGER AGREEMENT

 
ANNEX B—VOTING AND SUPPORT AGREEMENT
ANNEX C—OPINION OF BARCLAYS CAPITAL INC.
ANNEX D—OPINION OF GOLDMAN SACHS & CO. LLC
ANNEX E—SECTION 262 OF THE DGCL
ANNEX F—FORM OF AMENDMENT—MPC AUTHORIZED STOCK COI AMENDMENT
ANNEX G—FORM OF AMENDMENT—MPC BOARD SIZE COI AMENDMENT
 

-iii-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 14/241

Table of Contents

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER AND THE SPECIAL MEETINGS

The following are answers to certain questions that you may have regarding the merger and the MPC and Andeavor special meetings. MPC and
Andeavor urge you to read carefully the remainder of this document because the information in this section may not provide all the information that
might be important to you in determining how to vote. Additional important information is also contained in the annexes to, and the documents
incorporated by reference in, this document.

 
Q: Why am I receiving this joint proxy statement/prospectus?
 

A: You are receiving this joint proxy statement/prospectus because MPC, Andeavor, Merger Sub 1 and Merger Sub 2 have entered into a merger
agreement pursuant to which, on the terms and subject to the conditions included in the merger agreement, MPC has agreed to acquire Andeavor
by means of a merger of Merger Sub 1 with and into Andeavor, with Andeavor surviving the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of MPC, which
is referred to as the first merger, and immediately following the completion of the first merger, the merger of Andeavor with and into Merger Sub
2 with Merger Sub 2 surviving the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of MPC, which is referred to as the second merger, and when referred to
with the first merger, is referred to as the merger. Your vote is required in connection with the first merger. The merger agreement, which governs
the terms of the merger, is attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus as Annex A.

MPC. The issuance of MPC common stock in connection with the first merger must be approved by the stockholders of MPC in accordance with
the rules of the New York Stock Exchange, which are referred to as the NYSE rules, in order for the merger to be consummated. MPC is holding a
special meeting of its stockholders, which is referred to as the MPC special meeting, to obtain that approval. MPC stockholders will also be asked
to vote on the MPC authorized stock COI amendment proposal and the MPC board size COI amendment proposal, each as defined below, at the
MPC special meeting and to approve the adjournment of the MPC special meeting, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies in the
event there are not sufficient votes at the time of the MPC special meeting to approve the issuance of MPC common stock in connection with the
merger.

Andeavor. The merger agreement must be adopted by the stockholders of Andeavor in accordance with the General Corporation Law of the State
of Delaware, which is referred to as the DGCL, in order for the merger to be consummated. Andeavor is holding a special meeting of its
stockholders, which is referred to as the Andeavor special meeting, to obtain that approval. Andeavor stockholders will also be asked to vote on
the Andeavor compensation proposal, as defined below, at the Andeavor special meeting and to approve the adjournment of the Andeavor special
meeting, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies in the event there are not sufficient votes at the time of the Andeavor special
meeting to adopt the merger agreement.

 
Q: When and where will the special meetings take place?
 

A: MPC. The MPC special meeting will be held at 10:00 AM Eastern Time on September 24, 2018, in the Auditorium of Marathon Petroleum
Corporation, 539 South Main Street, Findlay, Ohio 45840.

Andeavor. The Andeavor special meeting will be held at 9:00 AM Central Time on September 24, 2018, at JW Marriott San Antonio, 23808
Resort Parkway, San Antonio, Texas 78261.

 
Q: What matters will be considered at the special meetings?
 

A: MPC. The stockholders of MPC will be asked to:
 

 
•  consider and vote on a proposal to approve the issuance of shares of MPC common stock in connection with the merger as contemplated by

the merger agreement, which is referred to as the MPC issuance proposal;
 

-1-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 15/241

Table of Contents

 
•  consider and vote on a proposal to adopt an amendment to the MPC restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, which is referred to as

the MPC certificate of incorporation, to increase the number of authorized shares of MPC common stock from one billion to two billion,
which is referred to as the MPC authorized stock COI amendment proposal;

 

 
•  consider and vote on a proposal to adopt an amendment to the MPC certificate of incorporation to increase the maximum number of

directors permitted to serve on the MPC board from 12 to 14, which is referred to as the MPC board size COI amendment proposal; and
 

 

•  consider and vote on a proposal to adjourn the MPC special meeting, if reasonably necessary, to provide stockholders with any required
supplement or amendment to the accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus or to solicit additional proxies in the event there are not
sufficient votes at the time of the MPC special meeting to approve the MPC issuance proposal, which is referred to as the MPC adjournment
proposal.

Andeavor. The stockholders of Andeavor will be asked to:
 

 •  consider and vote on a proposal to adopt the merger agreement, which is referred to as the Andeavor merger proposal;
 

 
•  consider and vote on a proposal to approve, by a non-binding advisory vote, certain compensation that may be paid or become payable to

Andeavor’s named executive officers that is based on or otherwise relates to the merger, which is referred to as the Andeavor compensation
proposal; and

 

 

•  consider and vote on a proposal to adjourn the Andeavor special meeting, if reasonably necessary, to provide stockholders with any required
supplement or amendment to the accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus or to solicit additional proxies in the event there are not
sufficient votes at the time of the Andeavor special meeting to approve the proposal to adopt the merger agreement, which is referred to as
the Andeavor adjournment proposal.

 
Q: Is my vote important?
 

A: MPC. Yes. The merger cannot be completed unless the MPC issuance proposal is approved by the affirmative vote of a majority of votes cast by
MPC stockholders present in person or by proxy and entitled to vote on the proposal. Only MPC stockholders as of the close of business on the
record date are entitled to vote at the MPC special meeting. The MPC board unanimously recommends that such MPC stockholders vote “FOR”
the approval of the MPC issuance proposal, “FOR” the approval of the MPC authorized stock COI amendment proposal, “FOR” the approval of
the MPC board size COI amendment proposal and “FOR” the approval of the MPC adjournment proposal.

Andeavor. Yes. The merger cannot be completed unless the merger agreement is adopted by the holders representing a majority of the outstanding
shares of Andeavor common stock entitled to vote thereon at the Andeavor special meeting. Only Andeavor stockholders as of the close of
business on the record date are entitled to vote at the Andeavor special meeting. The board of directors of Andeavor, which is referred to as the
Andeavor board, unanimously recommends that such Andeavor stockholders vote “FOR” the approval of the Andeavor merger proposal, “FOR”
the approval of the Andeavor compensation proposal and “FOR” the approval of the Andeavor adjournment proposal.

 
Q: If my shares of MPC and/or Andeavor common stock are held in “street name” by my bank, broker or other nominee, will my bank,

broker or other nominee automatically vote those shares for me?
 

A: Under the NYSE rules, brokers who hold shares in “street name” for a beneficial owner of those shares typically have the authority to vote in their
discretion on “routine” proposals when they have not received instructions from beneficial owners. However, brokers are not allowed to exercise
their voting discretion with respect to the approval of matters that the NYSE determines to be “non-routine.” A “broker non-vote”

 
-2-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 16/241

Table of Contents

 

occurs when a broker submits a proxy that states that the broker does not vote for some or all of the proposals because the broker has not received
instructions from the beneficial owners on how to vote on the proposals and does not have discretionary authority to vote in the absence of
instructions. Under the NYSE rules, brokers are not permitted to vote on any of the matters to be considered at the MPC special meeting or the
Andeavor special meeting. As a result, your shares will not be voted on any matter unless you affirmatively instruct your broker, bank or nominee
how to vote your shares in one of the ways indicated by your broker, bank or other nominee.

 
Q: What MPC stockholder vote is required for the approval of each proposal brought before the MPC special meeting? What will happen if

I fail to vote or abstain from voting on each proposal?
 

A: The MPC issuance proposal. Approval of the MPC issuance proposal requires the affirmative vote of a majority of votes cast by MPC
stockholders present in person or by proxy at the MPC special meeting and entitled to vote on the proposal. Under the NYSE rules, abstentions
will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the proposal.

The MPC authorized stock COI amendment proposal. Approval of the MPC authorized stock COI amendment proposal requires the affirmative
vote of a majority of the shares of MPC common stock outstanding as of the close of business on the record date and entitled to vote on the
proposal. Abstentions will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the proposal.

The MPC board size COI amendment proposal. Approval of the MPC board size COI amendment proposal requires the affirmative vote of at least
80% of the shares of MPC common stock outstanding as of the close of business on the record date and entitled to vote on the proposal.
Abstentions will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the proposal.

The MPC adjournment proposal. Approval of the MPC adjournment proposal requires the affirmative vote of a majority of shares held by MPC
stockholders present in person or by proxy at the MPC special meeting and entitled to vote on the proposal, regardless of whether a quorum is
present. Abstentions will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the proposal.

 
Q: What Andeavor stockholder vote is required for the approval of each proposal brought before the Andeavor special meeting? What will

happen if I fail to vote or abstain from voting on each proposal?
 

A: The Andeavor merger proposal. Approval of the Andeavor merger proposal requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of Andeavor
common stock outstanding as of the close of business on the record date and entitled to vote on the proposal. Abstentions will have the same effect
as a vote “AGAINST” the proposal.

The Andeavor compensation proposal. Approval of the Andeavor compensation proposal requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares
of Andeavor common stock present in person or by proxy at the Andeavor special meeting and entitled to vote on the proposal. Abstentions will
have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the proposal.

The Andeavor adjournment proposal. Approval of the Andeavor adjournment proposal requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of
Andeavor common stock present in person or by proxy at the Andeavor special meeting and entitled to vote on the proposal, regardless of whether
a quorum is present. Abstentions will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the proposal.

 
Q: What will Andeavor stockholders receive if the merger is completed?
 

A: As a result of the merger, each share of Andeavor common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the first merger
(other than excluded shares, as defined in the section entitled “The Merger—Consideration to Andeavor Stockholders” beginning on page 78) will
be converted into the right to

 
-3-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 17/241

Table of Contents

 

receive either 1.87 shares of MPC common stock, which is referred to as the stock consideration, or $152.27 in cash, which is referred to as the
cash consideration. If you are an Andeavor stockholder, you will have the right to elect whether to receive stock consideration or cash
consideration, for each share of Andeavor common stock that you hold, subject to the allocation and proration procedures described in this joint
proxy statement/prospectus. Andeavor stockholders who make no election or an untimely election (or who otherwise are deemed not to have
submitted an effective form of election) will be deemed to have elected to receive stock consideration.

Elections to receive stock consideration, which are referred to as stock elections, and elections to receive cash consideration, which are referred to
as cash elections, are subject to the allocation and proration procedures set forth in the merger agreement to ensure that the total number of shares
of Andeavor common stock converted into cash consideration is equal to 22,885,359 shares of Andeavor common stock, which is referred to as
the cash election number, and the remaining shares of Andeavor common stock to be converted in the merger will be converted into the right to
receive stock consideration.

If you elect to receive stock consideration or are deemed to have elected to receive stock consideration and would otherwise be entitled to receive
a fractional share of MPC common stock (taking into account all Andeavor shares for which you have elected or been deemed to have elected to
receive stock consideration), you will receive cash in lieu of such fractional share, and you will not be entitled to dividends, voting rights or any
other rights in respect of such fractional share. For more information regarding allocation and proration procedures, see the section entitled “The
Merger Agreement—Merger Consideration” beginning on page 155.

For more information regarding the stock consideration or cash consideration, as applicable, to be provided to Andeavor stockholders, referred to
as the per share merger consideration, see the section entitled “The Merger—Consideration to Andeavor Stockholders” beginning on page 78. For
more information regarding election mechanics, see the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Election and Exchange Procedures” beginning
on page 158.

 
Q: If I elect to receive cash consideration, under what circumstances will my cash consideration be prorated and how will the proration be

calculated?
 

A: The total number of shares of Andeavor common stock to be converted into cash consideration in connection with the merger is equal to
22,885,359, which is referred to as the cash election number. In the event that the aggregate number of shares of Andeavor common stock in
respect of which cash elections have been made, which are referred to as cash election shares, exceeds the cash election number, which is referred
to as an oversubscription of the cash election, all cash election shares will be converted into cash consideration or stock consideration as follows:

 

 

•  Each record holder of shares of Andeavor common stock having made a cash election will be entitled to receive cash consideration for such
number of cash election shares as determined by multiplying the holder’s cash election shares by the ratio of the cash election number to the
total cash election shares. In some cases, due to rounding, an Andeavor stockholder’s pro rata portion may be zero, such that none of such
Andeavor stockholder’s shares of Andeavor common stock will be converted into the right to receive the cash consideration. Further
information on how such pro rata portion is calculated is available in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Merger Consideration”
beginning on page 155.

 

 
•  The remainder of each such holder’s cash election shares will not be converted into a right to receive the cash consideration and will instead

be converted into the right to receive the stock consideration, including cash in lieu of any fractional share, if applicable.
 

 
•  The number of cash election shares of a holder of Andeavor common stock that are to remain cash election shares pursuant to the calculation

described above will be rounded downward where needed.
 

-4-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 18/241

Table of Contents

For example, and by way of illustration only, if the aggregate number of shares of Andeavor common stock with respect to which cash elections
are made are three times the cash election number, each record holder of shares of Andeavor common stock will receive cash consideration for
approximately one-third of the shares of Andeavor common stock with respect to which such record holder makes a cash election and stock
consideration for approximately two-thirds of such shares. For the avoidance of doubt, each record holder making cash elections will, to the extent
reasonably possible, receive cash consideration and stock consideration in the same proportion as each other record holder receives in respect of
shares of Andeavor common stock with respect to which cash elections have been made.

The calculations described above will be performed by Computershare Trust Company, N.A., which is referred to as the exchange agent.

 
Q: If I elect to receive stock consideration, under what circumstances will my stock consideration be prorated and how will the proration be

calculated?
 

A: The total number of shares of Andeavor common stock to be converted into stock consideration in connection with the merger is equal to the total
number of shares of Andeavor common stock to be converted in connection with the merger less the cash election number, which is referred to as
the stock election number. In the event that the aggregate number of shares of Andeavor common stock in respect of which stock elections have
been made, which are referred to as stock election shares, exceeds the stock election number, which is referred to as an oversubscription of the
stock election, all stock election shares will be converted into stock consideration or cash consideration as follows:

 

 

•  Each record holder of shares of Andeavor common stock having made a stock election or having been deemed to have made a stock election
will be entitled to receive stock consideration for such number of stock election shares as determined by multiplying the holder’s stock
election shares by the ratio of the stock election number to the total stock election shares. In some cases, due to rounding, an Andeavor
stockholder’s pro rata portion may be zero, such that none of such Andeavor stockholder’s shares of Andeavor common stock will be
converted into the right to receive the stock consideration. Further information on how such pro rata portion is calculated is available in the
section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Merger Consideration” beginning on page 155.

 

 
•  The remainder of each such holder’s stock election shares will not be converted into a right to receive the stock consideration and will

instead be converted into the right to receive the cash consideration.
 

 
•  The number of stock election shares of a holder of Andeavor common stock that are to remain stock election shares pursuant to the

calculation described above will be rounded downward where needed.

For the avoidance of doubt, each record holder making stock elections will, to the extent reasonably possible, receive stock consideration and cash
consideration in the same proportion as each other record holder receives in respect of shares of Andeavor common stock with respect to which
stock elections have been made.

The calculations described above will be performed by the exchange agent.

 
Q: What will holders of Andeavor equity awards receive in the merger?
 

A: At the effective time of the first merger, each outstanding Andeavor equity award will be converted into an MPC equity award, as described in
more detail below.

Treatment of Andeavor Options

At the effective time of the first merger, each outstanding option award to purchase Andeavor common stock, which is referred to as an Andeavor
option, whether vested or unvested, will automatically and without any action on the part of the holder thereof, cease to represent an option award
to purchase Andeavor common stock and will be converted into an option award to acquire a number of shares of MPC common stock (rounded
down to the nearest whole number) equal to the number of shares of Andeavor

 
-5-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 19/241

Table of Contents

common stock subject to the Andeavor option immediately prior to the effective time multiplied by 1.87, which is referred to as the exchange
ratio, at an exercise price per share (rounded up to the nearest whole cent) equal to the exercise price per Andeavor share of such Andeavor option
divided by the exchange ratio. Following the effective time of the first merger, each such option will continue to be governed by the same terms
and conditions as were applicable under such Andeavor option immediately prior to the effective time of the first merger.

Andeavor Restricted Stock Units

At the effective time of the first merger, each outstanding restricted stock unit award or phantom stock award in respect of Andeavor common
stock with only time-based vesting requirements, except for awards held by non-employee directors of Andeavor, which is referred to as an
Andeavor RSU, whether vested or unvested, will, automatically and without any action on the part of the holder thereof, cease to represent a
restricted stock unit award or phantom stock award denominated in Andeavor common stock and be converted into a restricted stock unit award
denominated in MPC common stock relating to the number of shares of MPC common stock (rounded down to the nearest whole number) equal
to the number of shares of Andeavor common stock subject to such Andeavor RSU immediately prior to the effective time of the first merger
multiplied by the exchange ratio. Following the effective time of the first merger, each such RSU will continue to be governed by the same terms
and conditions as were applicable under such Andeavor RSU immediately prior to the effective time of the first merger.

Treatment of Andeavor Director Restricted Stock Units

At the effective time of the first merger, any vesting conditions applicable to each outstanding restricted stock unit award in respect of Andeavor
common stock with only time-based vesting requirements that is held by a non-employee director of Andeavor, which is referred to as an
Andeavor director RSU, will, automatically and without any required action on the part of the holder thereof, accelerate in full and be cancelled
and will only entitle the holder of such Andeavor director RSU to receive (without interest), as soon as reasonably practicable following the
effective time of the first merger (but in any event no later than 10 business days thereafter) an amount in cash equal to the number of shares of
Andeavor common stock subject to such Andeavor director RSU multiplied by the cash consideration; provided, however, that to the extent that
any such Andeavor director RSU constitutes nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code, such cash
payment will be paid in accordance with the applicable award’s terms and at the earliest time permitted under the terms of such award that will not
result in the application of a tax or penalty under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code.

Treatment of Andeavor Performance Share Awards

At the effective time of the first merger, each outstanding performance share award with any performance-based vesting requirements, which is
referred to as an Andeavor PSA, will, automatically and without any action on the part of the holder thereof, cease to represent a performance
share award denominated in Andeavor common stock and be converted into a time-based restricted stock unit denominated in MPC common
stock (rounded down to the nearest whole number) equal to the number of shares of Andeavor common stock that would have been issued under
such Andeavor PSA assuming the greater of the achievement of target performance or the achievement of actual performance measured as of the
effective time of the first merger, as reasonably determined in good faith by the compensation committee of the Andeavor board in accordance
with the applicable award agreement and in consultation with the Chief Executive Officer of MPC, multiplied by the exchange ratio. Following
the effective time of the first merger, each such RSU will continue to be governed by the same terms and conditions (including time-based vesting
terms) as were applicable to such Andeavor PSA immediately prior to the effective time of the first merger.

 
-6-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 20/241

Table of Contents

Treatment of Andeavor Market Stock Units

At the effective time of the first merger, each outstanding market stock unit in respect of Andeavor common stock, which is referred to as an
Andeavor MSU, will, automatically and without any action on the part of the holder thereof, cease to represent a market stock unit award
denominated in Andeavor common stock and be converted into a time-based restricted stock unit award denominated in MPC common stock
(rounded down to the nearest whole number) equal to the greater of the target number of shares of Andeavor common stock subject to such
Andeavor MSU or the number of shares of Andeavor common stock that would have been issued under such Andeavor MSU based on actual
performance measured as of the effective time of the first merger, as reasonably determined in good faith by the compensation committee of the
Andeavor board in accordance with the applicable award agreement and in consultation with the Chief Executive Officer of MPC, multiplied by
the exchange ratio. Following the effective time of the first merger, each such RSU will continue to be governed by the same terms and conditions
as were applicable to such Andeavor MSU immediately prior to the effective time of the first merger.

Treatment of Andeavor Restricted Shares

At the effective time of the first merger, each outstanding share of Andeavor common stock that is subject to vesting, repurchase, or other lapse of
restrictions, which is referred to as an Andeavor restricted share, will, automatically and without any action on the part of the holder thereof, cease
to represent an Andeavor restricted share and be converted into a number of restricted shares of MPC common stock (rounded down to the nearest
whole number) equal to the number of Andeavor restricted shares held by the holder of such award, multiplied by the exchange ratio. Following
the effective time of the first merger, each such restricted share will continue to be governed by the same terms and conditions (including vesting
terms) as were applicable to such Andeavor restricted share immediately prior to the effective time of the first merger.

Other Company Awards

At the effective time of the first merger, each outstanding right of any kind, contingent or accrued, to acquire or receive shares of Andeavor
common stock or benefits measured by the value of shares of Andeavor common stock, and each award of any kind consisting of shares of
Andeavor common stock that may be held, awarded, outstanding, payable or reserved for issuance under the stock plans and any other Andeavor
benefit plans other than Andeavor options, Andeavor RSUs, Andeavor director RSUs, Andeavor PSAs, Andeavor MSUs, and Andeavor restricted
shares, which are referred to collectively as the Andeavor other awards, will, automatically and without any action on the part of the holder
thereof, cease to represent an award denominated in Andeavor common stock and be converted into the right to acquire or receive benefits
measured by the value of (as the case may be) the number of shares of MPC common stock (rounded down to the nearest whole number) equal to
the product of the number of shares of Andeavor common stock subject to such Andeavor other award immediately prior to the effective time of
the first merger multiplied by the exchange ratio. Following the effective time of the first merger, each such award will continue to be governed by
the same terms and conditions as were applicable to such Andeavor other award immediately prior to the effective time of the first merger.

For more information regarding the treatment of Andeavor equity awards, see the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Treatment of
Andeavor Equity Awards in the Merger” beginning on page 156.

 
Q: How do the boards of directors of MPC and Andeavor recommend that I vote?
 

A: MPC. The MPC board recommends that MPC stockholders vote “FOR” the approval of the MPC issuance proposal, “FOR” the approval of the
MPC authorized stock COI amendment proposal, “FOR” the approval of the MPC board size COI amendment proposal and “FOR” the approval
of the MPC adjournment proposal. For more information regarding how the MPC board recommends that MPC stockholders vote, see the section
entitled “The Merger—Recommendation of the MPC Board and Reasons for the Merger” beginning on page 89.

 
-7-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 21/241

Table of Contents

Andeavor. The Andeavor board recommends that you vote “FOR” the approval of the Andeavor merger proposal, “FOR” the approval of the
Andeavor compensation proposal and “FOR” the approval of the Andeavor adjournment proposal. For more information regarding how the
Andeavor board recommends that you vote, see the section entitled “The Merger—Recommendation of the Andeavor Board and Reasons for the
Merger” beginning on page 119.

 
Q: What is executive officer compensation and why are Andeavor stockholders being asked to vote on it?
 

A: The SEC has adopted rules that require Andeavor to seek a non-binding, advisory vote on the compensation payments that will or may be made to
Andeavor’s named executive officers in connection with the merger. Andeavor urges its stockholders to read the section entitled “The Merger—
Interests of Andeavor Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger” beginning on page 146.

 
Q: How will MPC fund the cash portion of the per share merger consideration?
 

A: MPC intends to fund the cash portion of the per share merger consideration using a combination of cash on hand and borrowings under MPC’s
existing credit facilities, trade accounts receivable facility or commercial paper program.

 
Q: Who is entitled to vote at the special meeting?
 

A: MPC special meeting. The MPC board has fixed August 1, 2018 as the record date for the MPC special meeting. All holders of record of shares of
MPC common stock as of the close of business on the record date are entitled to receive notice of, and to vote at, the MPC special meeting,
provided that those shares remain outstanding on the date of the MPC special meeting. Physical attendance at the MPC special meeting is not
required to vote. See the section entitled “Questions and Answers About the Merger and the Special Meetings—How can I vote my shares without
attending the special meeting?” beginning on page 12 for instructions on how to vote your shares without attending the MPC special meeting.

Andeavor special meeting. The Andeavor board has fixed August 1, 2018 as the record date for the Andeavor special meeting. All holders of
record of shares of Andeavor common stock as of the close of business on the record date are entitled to receive notice of, and to vote at, the
Andeavor special meeting, provided that those shares remain outstanding on the date of the Andeavor special meeting. Physical attendance at the
Andeavor special meeting is not required to vote. See the section entitled “Questions and Answers About the Merger and the Special Meetings—
How can I vote my shares without attending the special meeting?” beginning on page 12 for instructions on how to vote your shares without
attending the Andeavor special meeting.

 
Q: What if my shares are held in the Andeavor 401(k) Plan?
 

A: Participants holding shares of Andeavor common stock in the Andeavor 401(k) Plan may not vote such shares in person at the Andeavor special
meeting. Participants in the Andeavor 401(k) Plan may instruct Fidelity Management Trust Company, as trustee for such plan, how to vote all
shares of Andeavor common stock allocated to their accounts by following the instructions on the enclosed instruction card. If a participant in the
Andeavor 401(k) Plan does not instruct Fidelity Management Trust Company how to vote, the shares of Andeavor common stock allocated to
such participant’s accounts will not be voted.

 
Q: What is a proxy?
 

A: A proxy is a legal designation of another person to vote the stock you own.

MPC stockholders. If you are a stockholder of record of MPC common stock as of the close of business on the record date, and you vote via the
Internet, by telephone or by signing, dating and returning your proxy card in the enclosed postage-paid envelope, you designate three of MPC’s
officers as your proxies at the MPC special meeting, each with full power to act without the other and with full power of substitution. These three
officers are Gary R. Heminger, Donald C. Templin and Timothy T. Griffith.

 
-8-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 22/241

Table of Contents

Andeavor stockholders. If you are a stockholder of record of Andeavor common stock as of the close of business on the record date, and you vote
via the Internet, by telephone or by signing, dating and returning your proxy card in the enclosed postage-paid envelope, you designate two of
Andeavor’s officers as your proxies at the Andeavor special meeting, each with full power to act without the other and with full power of
substitution. These two officers are Dathan C. Voelter and Elisa D. Watts.

 
Q: How many votes do I have?
 

A: MPC stockholders. Each MPC stockholder of record is entitled to one vote for each share of MPC common stock held of record by him or her as
of the close of business on the record date.

Andeavor stockholders. Each Andeavor stockholder of record is entitled to one vote for each share of Andeavor common stock held of record by
him or her as of the close of business on the record date.

 
Q: What constitutes a quorum for the special meeting?
 

A: A quorum is the minimum number of stockholders necessary to hold a valid meeting.

Quorum for MPC special meeting. A quorum will exist at the MPC special meeting with respect to each matter to be considered at the MPC
special meeting if the holders of a majority of shares of MPC common stock outstanding and entitled to vote as of the close of business on the
record date are present in person or represented by proxy at the MPC special meeting. Shares of MPC common stock held in street name will be
counted as present for the purpose of determining the existence of a quorum at the MPC special meeting so long as a stockholder has given the
bank, broker or other nominee voting instructions on at least one of the proposals brought before the MPC special meeting. The proposals for
consideration at the MPC special meeting are considered “non-routine” matters under NYSE Rule 452, and, therefore, no broker non-votes can
occur at the meeting. A stockholder’s shares will not be counted as present for the purpose of determining the existence of a quorum if no
instructions have been provided on how to vote on any such proposals.

Quorum for Andeavor special meeting. A quorum will exist at the Andeavor special meeting with respect to the matters to be considered at the
Andeavor special meeting if the holders of a majority of shares of Andeavor common stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote as of the
close of business on the record date are present in person or represented by proxy at the Andeavor special meeting. Shares of Andeavor common
stock held in street name will be counted as present for the purpose of determining the existence of a quorum at the Andeavor special meeting so
long as a stockholder has given the broker or other nominee voting instructions on at least one of the proposals brought before the Andeavor
special meeting. The proposals for consideration at the Andeavor special meeting are considered “non-routine” matters under NYSE Rule 452,
and, therefore, no broker non-votes can occur at the meeting. A stockholder’s shares will not be counted as present for the purpose of determining
the existence of a quorum if no instructions have been provided on how to vote on any such proposals.

 
Q: What will happen to Andeavor as a result of the merger?
 

A: If the first merger is completed, Merger Sub 1 will merge with and into Andeavor. As a result of the first merger, the separate corporate existence
of Merger Sub 1 will cease, and Andeavor will continue as the surviving corporation and as a wholly owned subsidiary of MPC, which is referred
to as the surviving corporation.

Immediately following the completion of the first merger, the surviving corporation will merge with and into Merger Sub 2, which is referred to as
the second merger. The first merger and the second merger are referred to together in this joint proxy statement/prospectus as the merger. Upon
completion of the second merger, the separate corporate existence of Andeavor will cease as a result and Merger Sub 2 will continue as the
surviving company and a wholly owned subsidiary of MPC, which is referred to as the surviving company.

 
-9-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 23/241

Table of Contents

Andeavor stockholders become entitled to receive the per share merger consideration at the effective time of the first merger, on the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth in the merger agreement.

 
Q: I own shares of Andeavor common stock. What will happen to those shares as a result of the merger?
 

A: If the merger is completed, your shares of Andeavor common stock will be cancelled and thereafter represent only the right to receive the
applicable per share merger consideration. See the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Merger Consideration” beginning on page 155.

 
Q: I own shares of Andeavor common stock. How do I make an election to receive cash consideration or stock consideration for my shares of

Andeavor common stock?
 

A: Prior to the closing of the merger, the exchange agent will provide a form of election and appropriate transmittal materials to holders of record of
shares of Andeavor common stock advising such holders of the procedure for exercising their right to make an election. If you hold shares of
Andeavor common stock in street name, you will need to follow the procedures established by your bank, broker or other nominee in order to
make an election.

 
Q: I own shares of Andeavor common stock. What is the deadline for submitting an election?
 

A: To be effective, a form of election must be properly completed, signed and submitted to the exchange agent by the election deadline, which is
defined in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Election and Exchange Procedures” beginning on page 158. Unless otherwise publicly
announced by MPC with the consent of Andeavor, the “election deadline” will be 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time on the business day that is two trading
days prior to the closing date for the first merger or such other date and time as MPC may publicly announce with the consent of Andeavor.
Andeavor stockholders are urged to promptly submit their properly completed and signed forms of election, together with the necessary
transmittal materials, and not wait until the election deadline.

 
Q: I own shares of Andeavor common stock. How can I change my election?
 

A: You can revoke your election before the election deadline by written notice that is sent to and received by the exchange agent prior to the election
deadline.

 
Q: I own shares of Andeavor common stock. What happens if I don’t make an election?
 

A: A holder of shares of Andeavor common stock who makes no election or an untimely election, or is otherwise deemed not to have submitted an
effective form of election, or who has validly revoked his or her merger consideration election but has not properly submitted a new duly
completed form of election, will be deemed to have made a stock election.

 
Q: I own shares of Andeavor common stock. Can I sell my shares of Andeavor common stock after I make my election to receive cash or

stock?
 

A: No. After an Andeavor stockholder has submitted a form of election, under the terms of the election, he or she will not be able to sell any shares of
Andeavor common stock covered by his or her form of election, regardless of whether those shares of Andeavor common stock are held in
certificated or book-entry form, unless he or she revokes his or her election before the deadline by written notice received by the exchange agent
prior to the election deadline. While the parties have agreed to establish an election deadline that is a relatively short time before the anticipated
completion date of the first merger, there can be no assurance that unforeseen circumstances will not cause the completion of the first merger to be
delayed after the deadline has been established.

 
-10-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 24/241

Table of Contents

Q: Where will the MPC common stock that Andeavor stockholders receive in the merger be publicly traded?
 

A: Assuming the merger is completed, the shares of MPC common stock issued in connection with the merger will be listed and traded on the NYSE.

 
Q: What happens if the merger is not completed?
 

A: If the merger agreement is not adopted by Andeavor stockholders or if the issuance of shares of MPC common stock in connection with the
merger is not approved by MPC stockholders or if the merger is not completed for any other reason, Andeavor stockholders will not receive any
stock consideration, cash consideration or other consideration in connection with the merger, and their shares of Andeavor common stock will
remain outstanding. Andeavor will remain an independent public company and its common stock will continue to be listed and traded on the
NYSE. Additionally, if the merger agreement is not adopted by Andeavor stockholders or if the merger is not completed for any other reason,
MPC will not issue shares of MPC common stock to Andeavor stockholders, regardless of whether the MPC issuance proposal is approved, and
will not amend the MPC certificate of incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of MPC common stock or increase the authorized
number of directors on the MPC board, regardless of whether the MPC authorized stock COI amendment proposal or MPC board size COI
amendment proposal is approved. If the merger agreement is terminated under specified circumstances, either Andeavor or MPC (depending on
the circumstances) may be required to pay the other party a termination fee, reverse termination fee or other termination-related payment. See
“The Merger Agreement—Termination” beginning on page 181 for a more detailed discussion of the termination fees.

 
Q: How can I vote my shares in person at the special meeting?
 

A: MPC. Shares of MPC common stock held directly in your name as the stockholder of record of shares of such MPC common stock as of the close
of business on August 1, 2018, the record date, may be voted in person at the MPC special meeting. If you choose to attend the MPC special
meeting, you will need to bring valid, government-issued photo identification. If you are a beneficial owner of MPC common stock but not the
stockholder of record of such shares of MPC common stock, you will also need proof of stock ownership to be admitted to the MPC special
meeting. A recent brokerage statement or a letter from a bank or broker are examples of proof of ownership. Please note that if your shares are
held in “street name” by a bank, broker or other nominee and you wish to vote at the MPC special meeting, you will not be permitted to vote in
person unless you first obtain a legal proxy issued in your name from the record owner and present it to the inspector of election with your ballot
at the MPC special meeting. To request a legal proxy, please contact your bank, broker or other nominee holder of record. It is suggested you do so
in a timely manner to ensure receipt of your legal proxy prior to the MPC special meeting.

Failure to bring the appropriate documentation may delay your entry into or prevent you from attending the MPC special meeting. The doors to
the meeting room will be closed promptly at the start of the MPC special meeting, and stockholders will not be permitted to enter after that time.

Andeavor. Shares of Andeavor common stock held directly in your name as the stockholder of record as of the close of business on August 1,
2018, the record date, may be voted in person at the Andeavor special meeting. If you choose to attend the Andeavor special meeting, you will
need to bring valid, government-issued photo identification. If you are a beneficial owner of Andeavor common stock but not the stockholder of
record of such shares of Andeavor common stock, you will also need proof of stock ownership to be admitted to the Andeavor special meeting. A
recent brokerage statement or a letter from a bank or broker are examples of proof of ownership. Please note that if your shares are held in “street
name” by a bank, broker or other nominee and you wish to vote at the Andeavor special meeting, you will not be permitted to vote in person
unless you first obtain a legal proxy issued in your name from the record owner and present it to the inspector of election with your ballot at the
Andeavor special meeting. To request a legal proxy,

 
-11-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 25/241

Table of Contents

please contact your bank, broker or other nominee holder of record. It is suggested you do so in a timely manner to ensure receipt of your legal
proxy prior to the Andeavor special meeting.

Please note that if your shares are held in the Andeavor 401(k) Plan, you may not vote in person at the Andeavor special meeting.

Failure to bring the appropriate documentation may delay your entry into or prevent you from attending the Andeavor special meeting. The doors
to the meeting room will be closed promptly at the start of the Andeavor special meeting, and stockholders will not be permitted to enter after that
time.

 
Q: How can I vote my shares without attending the special meeting?
 

A: MPC. If you are a stockholder of record of MPC common stock as of the close of business on August 1, 2018, the record date, you can vote by
proxy via the Internet, by telephone or by mail by following the instructions provided on the enclosed proxy card. Please note that if you are a
beneficial owner, you may vote by submitting voting instructions to your bank, broker or other nominee, or otherwise by following instructions
provided by your bank, broker or other nominee. Internet and telephone voting may be available to a beneficial owner. Please refer to the vote
instruction form provided by your bank, broker or other nominee.

Andeavor. If you are a stockholder of record of Andeavor common stock as of the close of business on August 1, 2018, the record date, you can
vote by proxy via the Internet, by telephone or by mail by following the instructions provided on the enclosed proxy card. Please note that if you
are a beneficial owner, you may vote by submitting voting instructions to your bank, broker or other nominee, or otherwise by following
instructions provided by your bank, broker or other nominee. Internet and telephone voting may be available to a beneficial owner. Please refer to
the vote instruction form provided by your bank, broker or other nominee. If your shares are held in the Andeavor 401(k) Plan, you may not vote
in person at the Andeavor special meeting. Participants in the Andeavor 401(k) Plan may instruct Fidelity Management Trust Company, as trustee
for such plan, how to vote all shares of Andeavor common stock allocated to their accounts by following the instructions on the enclosed
instruction card. If a participant in the Andeavor 401(k) Plan does not instruct Fidelity Management Trust Company how to vote, the shares of
Andeavor common stock allocated to such participant’s accounts will not be voted.

 
Q: What is the difference between holding shares as a stockholder of record and as a beneficial owner?
 

A: MPC. If your shares of MPC common stock are registered directly in your name with MPC’s transfer agent, Computershare Investor Services,
LLC, you are considered the stockholder of record with respect to those shares, and access to proxy materials is being provided directly to you. If
your shares are held by a bank, in a stock brokerage account or other nominee, then you are considered the beneficial owner of those shares, which
are considered to be held in street name. Access to proxy materials is being provided to you by your bank, broker or other nominee who is
considered the stockholder of record with respect to those shares.

Andeavor. If your shares of Andeavor common stock are registered directly in your name with Andeavor’s transfer agent, American Stock
Transfer & Trust Company, you are considered the stockholder of record with respect to those shares, and access to proxy materials is being
provided directly to you. If your shares are held by a bank, in a stock brokerage account or other nominee, then you are considered the beneficial
owner of those shares, which are considered to be held in street name. Access to proxy materials is being provided to you by your bank, broker or
other nominee who is considered the stockholder of record with respect to those shares. Shares of Andeavor common stock held in the Andeavor
401(k) Plan are considered held in street name.

 
Q: What should I do if I receive more than one set of voting materials?
 

A: You may receive more than one set of voting materials relating to the MPC special meeting and/or the Andeavor special meeting if you hold
shares of both MPC and Andeavor or if you hold shares of MPC and/

 
-12-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 26/241

Table of Contents

 
or Andeavor common stock in “street name” and also directly in your name as a stockholder of record or otherwise or if you hold shares of MPC
and/or Andeavor common stock in more than one brokerage account.

Direct holders (stockholders of record)

For shares of MPC and/or Andeavor common stock held directly, please complete, sign, date and return each proxy card (or cast your vote via the
Internet or by telephone as provided on each proxy card) or otherwise follow the voting instructions provided in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus in order to ensure that all of your shares of MPC and/or Andeavor common stock are voted.

Shares in “street name”

For shares of MPC and/or Andeavor common stock held in “street name” through a bank, broker or other nominee, you should follow the
procedures provided by your bank, broker or other nominee to vote your shares.

 
Q: I hold shares of both MPC common stock and Andeavor common stock. Do I need to vote separately for each company?
 

A: Yes. You will need to separately follow the applicable procedures described in this joint proxy statement/prospectus both with respect to the voting
of shares of MPC common stock and with respect to the voting of shares of Andeavor common stock in order to effectively vote the shares of
common stock you hold in each company.

 
Q: If a stockholder gives a proxy, how will the shares of MPC common stock or Andeavor common stock, as applicable, covered by the proxy

be voted?
 

A: If you provide a proxy, regardless of whether you provide that proxy via the Internet, by telephone or by completing and returning the applicable
enclosed proxy card, the individuals named on the enclosed proxy card will vote your shares of MPC common stock or your shares of Andeavor
common stock, as applicable, in the way that you indicate when providing your proxy in respect of the shares of common stock you hold in such
company. When completing the Internet or telephone processes or the proxy card, you may specify whether your shares of MPC or Andeavor
common stock, as applicable, should be voted for or against, or abstain from voting on, all, some or none of the specific items of business to come
before the MPC special meeting or the Andeavor special meeting, as applicable.

 
Q: How will my shares of common stock be voted if I return a blank proxy?
 

A: MPC. If you sign, date and return your proxy and do not indicate how you want your shares of MPC common stock to be voted, then your shares
of MPC common stock will be voted “FOR” the approval of the MPC issuance proposal, “FOR” the approval of the MPC authorized stock COI
amendment proposal, “FOR” the approval of the MPC board size COI amendment proposal and “FOR” the approval of the MPC adjournment
proposal.

Andeavor. If you sign, date and return your proxy and do not indicate how you want your shares of Andeavor common stock to be voted, then
your shares of Andeavor common stock will be voted “FOR” the approval of the Andeavor merger proposal, “FOR” the approval of the
Andeavor compensation proposal and “FOR” the approval of the Andeavor adjournment proposal.

 
-13-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 27/241

Table of Contents

Q: Can I change my vote after I have submitted my proxy?
 

A: MPC. Yes. If you are a stockholder of record of MPC common stock as of the close of business on the record date, whether you vote via the
Internet, by telephone or mail, you can change or revoke your proxy before it is voted at the MPC special meeting in one of the following ways:

 

 •  submit a new proxy card bearing a later date;
 

 •  vote again via the Internet or by telephone at a later time;
 

 
•  give written notice of your revocation to the MPC Corporate Secretary at the address listed for MPC in the section entitled “Where You Can

Find More Information” beginning on page 236; or
 

 
•  vote in person at the MPC special meeting. Please note that your attendance at the MPC special meeting will not alone serve to revoke your

proxy.

If you are a beneficial owner of MPC common stock as of the close of business on the record date, you must follow the instructions of your bank,
broker or other nominee to revoke or change your voting instructions.

Andeavor. Yes. If you are a stockholder of record of Andeavor common stock as of the close of business on the record date, whether you vote via
the Internet, by telephone or mail, you can change or revoke your proxy before it is voted at the Andeavor special meeting in one of the following
ways:

 

 •  submit a new proxy card bearing a later date;
 

 •  vote again via the Internet or by telephone at a later time;
 

 
•  give written notice of your revocation to the Andeavor Corporate Secretary at the address listed for Andeavor in the section entitled “Where

You Can Find More Information” beginning on page 236; or
 

 
•  vote in person at the Andeavor special meeting. Please note that your attendance at the Andeavor special meeting will not alone serve to

revoke your proxy.

If you are a beneficial owner of Andeavor common stock as of the close of business on the record date, you must follow the instructions of your
bank, broker or other nominee to revoke or change your voting instructions.

 
Q: Where can I find the voting results of the special meetings?
 

A: The preliminary voting results will be announced at each of the special meetings. In addition, within four business days following certification of
the final voting results, MPC and Andeavor each will be required to file the final voting results of its special meeting with the SEC in a Current
Report on Form 8-K.

 
Q: If I do not favor the adoption of the merger agreement as an Andeavor stockholder, what are my rights?
 

A: Under the DGCL, subject to the closing of the first merger, record holders of Andeavor common stock who do not vote in favor of the Andeavor
merger proposal and who otherwise properly exercise and perfect their appraisal rights in accordance with Section 262 of the DGCL will be
entitled to seek appraisal for, and obtain payment in cash for the judicially determined fair value of, their shares of Andeavor common stock, in
lieu of receiving the merger consideration. The “fair value” could be higher or lower than, or the same as, the merger consideration. Andeavor
stockholders who wish to exercise the right to seek an appraisal of their shares must so advise Andeavor by submitting a written demand for
appraisal in the form described in this joint proxy statement/prospectus prior to the vote on the approval of the Andeavor merger proposal at the
Andeavor special meeting and must otherwise follow the procedures prescribed by Section 262 of the DGCL. A person having a beneficial interest
in shares of Andeavor common stock held of record in the name of another person, such as your bank, broker or other nominee, must act promptly
to cause the record holder to follow the steps summarized in this joint proxy statement/prospectus in a timely manner to perfect appraisal rights.

 
-14-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 28/241

Table of Contents

The full text of Section 262 of the DGCL is attached as Annex E to this joint proxy statement/prospectus. Andeavor stockholders are encouraged
to read these provisions carefully and in their entirety. Moreover, due to the complexity of the procedures for exercising and perfecting the right to
seek appraisal, Andeavor stockholders who are considering exercising and perfecting that right are encouraged to seek the advice of legal counsel.
Failure to strictly comply with these provisions may result in a waiver of, or the inability to exercise, appraisal rights. For more information
regarding appraisal rights, see the section entitled “Appraisal Rights of Andeavor Stockholders” beginning on page 222.

 
Q: Are there any risks that I should consider as an MPC stockholder in deciding how to vote?
 

A: Yes. You should read and carefully consider the risk factors set forth in the section entitled “Risk Factors” beginning on page 49. You also should
read and carefully consider the risk factors of MPC and Andeavor contained in the documents that are incorporated by reference herein.

 
Q: Are there any risks that I should consider as an Andeavor stockholder in deciding how to vote?
 

A: Yes. You should read and carefully consider the risk factors set forth in the section entitled “Risk Factors” beginning on page 49. You also should
read and carefully consider the risk factors of MPC and Andeavor contained in the documents that are incorporated by reference herein.

 
Q: Are any Andeavor stockholders already committed to vote in favor of the proposals?
 

A: Yes. On April 29, 2018, Paul L. Foster and Franklin Mountain Investments, LP entered into a voting and support agreement with MPC, Andeavor,
Merger Sub 1 and Merger Sub 2 pursuant to which they have agreed, among other things, to vote all of the shares of Andeavor common stock
beneficially owned by them (constituting approximately 5.2% of the issued and outstanding shares of Andeavor common stock as of April 26,
2018), excluding certain shares of Andeavor common stock that are subject to a pre-existing 10b5-1 trading plan, in favor of the adoption of the
merger agreement, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the voting and support agreement as discussed in more detail in the
section entitled “Voting and Support Agreement” beginning on page 186.

 
Q: What happens if I sell my shares of MPC common stock before the MPC special meeting?
 

A: The record date for MPC stockholders entitled to vote at the MPC special meeting is earlier than the date of the MPC special meeting. If you
transfer your shares of MPC common stock after the record date but before the MPC special meeting, you will, unless special arrangements are
made, retain your right to vote at the MPC special meeting.

 
Q: What happens if I sell my shares of Andeavor common stock before the Andeavor special meeting?
 

A: The record date for Andeavor stockholders entitled to vote at the Andeavor special meeting is earlier than the date of the Andeavor special
meeting. If you transfer your shares of Andeavor common stock after the record date but before the Andeavor special meeting, you will, unless
special arrangements are made, retain your right to vote at the Andeavor special meeting but will have transferred the right to receive the per share
merger consideration in connection with the merger to the person to whom you transferred your shares of Andeavor common stock.

 
Q: What are the material U.S. federal income tax consequences of the merger to me?
 

A: It is a condition to Andeavor’s obligation to complete the merger that Andeavor receive a written opinion of its counsel, Sullivan & Cromwell
LLP (or another nationally recognized law firm selected by Andeavor), dated as of the closing date, substantially to the effect that for U.S. federal
income tax purposes, the merger

 
-15-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 29/241

Table of Contents

 
will qualify as a “reorganization” within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code and MPC and Andeavor will each be a
“party to the reorganization” within the meaning of Section 368(b) of the Internal Revenue Code.

Assuming the merger qualifies as a reorganization, a stockholder of Andeavor generally will not recognize any gain or loss upon receipt of MPC
common stock in exchange for Andeavor common stock in the merger, will recognize gain (but not loss) in an amount not to exceed any cash
received as part of the cash consideration (other than cash received in lieu of a fractional share) and will recognize gain or loss with respect to any
cash received in lieu of a fractional share of MPC common stock. The U.S. federal income tax consequences of the merger are discussed in more
detail in the section entitled “Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger” beginning on page 188. The discussion of the
material U.S. federal income tax consequences contained in this joint proxy statement/prospectus is intended to provide only a general discussion
and is not a complete analysis or description of all potential U.S. federal income tax consequences of the merger that may vary with, or are
dependent on, individual circumstances. In addition, it does not address the effects of any foreign, state or local tax laws.

TAX MATTERS ARE COMPLICATED AND THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER WILL DEPEND ON THE FACTS OF
YOUR OWN SITUATION. YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN TAX ADVISOR AS TO THE SPECIFIC TAX CONSEQUENCES
OF THE MERGER TO YOU IN YOUR PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES.

 
Q: When is the merger expected to be completed?
 

A: Subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the closing conditions described in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Conditions to the
Completion of the Merger” beginning on page 179, including the adoption of the merger agreement by Andeavor stockholders at the Andeavor
special meeting and the approval of the MPC issuance proposal by MPC stockholders at the MPC special meeting, the transaction is expected to
close in the second half of 2018. However, it is possible that factors outside the control of both companies could result in the merger being
completed at a later time, or not being completed at all.

 
Q: Who will solicit and pay the cost of soliciting proxies?
 

A: MPC. MPC has retained Innisfree M&A Incorporated, which is referred to as Innisfree, to assist in the solicitation process. MPC will pay
Innisfree a fee of approximately $25,000, as well as reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses. MPC also has agreed to indemnify
Innisfree against various liabilities and expenses that relate to or arise out of its solicitation of proxies (subject to certain exceptions).

Andeavor. Andeavor has retained Innisfree to assist in the solicitation process. Andeavor will pay Innisfree a fee of approximately $25,000, as
well as reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses. Andeavor also has agreed to indemnify Innisfree against various liabilities and
expenses that relate to or arise out of its solicitation of proxies (subject to certain exceptions).

 
Q: What are the conditions to completion of the merger?
 

A: In addition to the approval of the MPC issuance proposal by MPC stockholders and the adoption of the merger agreement by Andeavor
stockholders as described above, completion of the merger is subject to the satisfaction of a number of other conditions, including, among others:
the approval to list MPC common stock issuable in connection with the merger on the NYSE, the expiration or termination of the waiting period
applicable under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, which is referred to as the HSR Act, as well as
satisfaction of all approvals, notices or other requirements under other antitrust laws, without the imposition of a burdensome condition (as
defined in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Reasonable Best Efforts; Regulatory Filings and Other Actions—Burdensome Condition”
beginning on page 175), the absence of any governmental order or law prohibiting the

 
-16-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 30/241

Table of Contents

 

consummation of the merger, the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this joint proxy statement/prospectus forms a part, the
accuracy of representations and warranties under the merger agreement (subject to certain materiality qualifiers), MPC’s and Andeavor’s
performance of their respective obligations under the merger agreement in all material respects, the absence of a material adverse effect for MPC
(as described in the merger agreement), the absence of a material adverse effect for Andeavor (as described in the merger agreement), and
Andeavor having received a written opinion of Sullivan & Cromwell LLP (or another nationally recognized law firm selected by Andeavor)
substantially to the effect that the merger will qualify as a “reorganization” within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code and
MPC and Andeavor will each be a party to the reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(b) of the Internal Revenue Code. For a more
complete summary of the conditions that must be satisfied or waived prior to completion of the merger, see the section entitled “The Merger
Agreement—Conditions to the Completion of the Merger” beginning on page 179.

 
Q: I am an Andeavor stockholder. How do I exchange my shares of Andeavor common stock for the per share merger consideration?
 

A: Each Andeavor stockholder must deliver, for book-entry shares of Andeavor common stock, customary evidence of ownership of such shares as
determined by the exchange agent by the election deadline, and for certificated shares of Andeavor common stock, the certificate representing
such shares (or affidavits of loss in lieu of the certificates or an appropriate guarantee of delivery of such certificates by a financial institution,
provided that the certificates are in fact delivered to the exchange agent within two trading days after the date of execution of such guarantee of
delivery) and a letter of transmittal by the election deadline.

After receiving the proper documentation from you, following the effective time, the exchange agent will deliver to you the cash consideration or
stock consideration (plus, in the case of stock consideration, any cash in lieu of fractional shares and any applicable dividends on MPC common
stock with a record date after the merger is completed) to which you are entitled. More information on the documentation you are required to
deliver to the exchange agent can be found in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Election and Exchange Procedures” beginning on
page 158.

 
Q: What equity stake will Andeavor stockholders hold in MPC immediately following the merger?
 

A: Based on the number of issued and outstanding shares of MPC common stock and Andeavor common stock as of April 26, 2018, and the
exchange ratio of 1.87 shares of MPC common stock for each share of Andeavor common stock, with 22,885,359 shares of Andeavor common
stock in the aggregate converted into the right to receive cash consideration, holders of shares of Andeavor common stock as of immediately prior
to the closing of the merger would hold, in the aggregate, approximately 34% of the issued and outstanding shares of MPC common stock
immediately following the closing of the merger. The exact equity stake of Andeavor stockholders in MPC immediately following the merger will
depend on the number of shares of MPC common stock and Andeavor common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the merger, as
provided in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Merger Consideration” beginning on page 155.

 
Q: I am an Andeavor stockholder. Will the shares of MPC common stock issued in the merger receive a dividend?
 

A: After the closing of the merger, the shares of MPC common stock issued in connection with the merger will carry with them the right to receive
the same dividends on shares of MPC common stock as all other holders of shares of MPC common stock, for any dividend the record date for
which occurs after the merger is completed.

For the past three years, MPC has paid a quarterly dividend on the MPC common stock as described in greater detail in the section entitled
“Comparative Per Share Market Price and Dividend Information—MPC

 
-17-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 31/241

Table of Contents

Market Price and Dividend Information” beginning on page 44. MPC last declared a dividend on July 25, 2018, in an amount of $0.46 per MPC
share, which will be paid on September 10, 2018 to MPC stockholders of record as of the close of business on August 16, 2018. Any future MPC
dividends will remain subject to approval by the MPC board.

 
Q: What should I do now?
 

A: You should read this joint proxy statement/prospectus carefully in its entirety, including the annexes, and return your completed, signed and dated
proxy card(s) by mail in the enclosed postage-paid envelope or submit your voting instructions via the Internet or by telephone as soon as possible
so that your shares of MPC common stock and/or Andeavor common stock will be voted in accordance with your instructions.

 
Q: Whom do I call if I have questions about the special meetings or the merger?
 

A: If you have questions about the MPC special meeting, the Andeavor special meeting or the merger, or desire additional copies of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus or additional proxies, you may contact Innisfree, toll-free at 1-888-750-5834 or collect at 1-212-750-5833.

 
-18-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 32/241

Table of Contents

SUMMARY

This summary highlights selected information included in this document and does not contain all of the information that may be important to
you. You should read this entire document and its annexes and the other documents to which MPC and Andeavor refer before you decide how to
vote with respect to the proposals to be considered and voted on at the special meeting for your company. In addition, MPC and Andeavor
incorporate by reference important business and financial information about MPC and Andeavor into this document, as further described in the
section entitled “Where You Can Find More Information” beginning on page 236. You may obtain the information incorporated by reference into
this document without charge by following the instructions in the section entitled “Where You Can Find More Information” beginning on page 236.
Each item in this summary includes a page reference directing you to a more complete description of that item.

Information About the Companies

Marathon Petroleum Corporation

539 South Main Street
Findlay, OH 45840
Phone: 419-422-2121

MPC was incorporated in Delaware on November 9, 2009 in connection with an internal restructuring of Marathon Oil Corporation. Based in
Findlay, Ohio, MPC is the nation’s second-largest refiner, with a crude oil refining capacity of approximately 1.9 million barrels per calendar day in
its six-refinery system. Marathon brand gasoline is sold through approximately 5,600 independently owned retail outlets across 20 states and the
District of Columbia. In addition, Speedway LLC, an MPC subsidiary, owns and operates the nation’s second-largest convenience store chain, with
approximately 2,740 convenience stores in 22 states. Through subsidiaries, MPC owns the general partner of MPLX LP, a midstream master
limited partnership, which is referred to as MPLX. Primarily through MPLX, MPC owns, leases or has ownership interests in approximately
10,800 miles of crude oil and light product pipelines. Also through MPLX, MPC has ownership interests in gathering and processing facilities with
approximately 5.9 billion cubic feet per day of gathering capacity, 8.7 billion cubic feet per day of natural gas processing capacity and 610,000
barrels per day of fractionation capacity, and is one of the largest natural gas processors in the United States and the largest processor and
fractionator in the Marcellus and Utica shale regions. MPC’s fully integrated system provides operational flexibility to move crude oil, NGLs,
feedstocks and petroleum-related products efficiently through the company’s distribution network and midstream service businesses in the
Midwest, Northeast, East Coast, Southeast and Gulf Coast regions. MPC owns 100% of the outstanding equity interests of MPLX GP LLC, the
general partner of MPLX. Additionally, as of March 31, 2018, MPC owned approximately 63.6% of the outstanding common units of MPLX.

Andeavor

19100 Ridgewood Parkway
San Antonio, TX 78259
Phone: 210-626-6000

Andeavor, whose legal name is Andeavor, changed its name on August 1, 2017 from Tesoro Corporation. Andeavor was incorporated in
Delaware in 1968. Headquartered in San Antonio, Texas, Andeavor is a highly integrated marketing, logistics and refining company operating
primarily in the western and mid-continent United States. Andeavor’s marketing segment sells gasoline and diesel fuel in the western and mid-
continent United States through retail, branded and unbranded channels along with convenience store products in its retail channel. The retail and
branded businesses primarily use the ARCO®, Shell®, Mobil® and SUPERAMERICA® brands for fuel sales and ampm®, SUPERAMERICA®
and Giant® brands for convenience stores. Andeavor’s

 
-19-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 33/241

Table of Contents

logistics segment includes the operations of Andeavor Logistics LP, a master limited partnership which is referred to as Andeavor Logistics, with
the exception of the wholesale fuel business acquired as part of Andeavor’s merger with Western Refining, Inc., which is referred to as Western
Refining. Andeavor Logistics owns and operates crude oil and refined products logistics assets in the United States. Andeavor’s refining segment
buys and refines crude oil and other feedstocks into transportation fuels that it sells to a wide variety of customers. Andeavor owns 100% of the
outstanding equity interest of Tesoro Logistics GP, LLC, the general partner of Andeavor Logistics. Additionally, as of March 31, 2018, Andeavor
owned approximately 59% of the outstanding common units of Andeavor Logistics.

Mahi Inc.

c/o Marathon Petroleum Corporation
539 South Main Street
Findlay, OH 45840
Phone: 419-422-2121

Merger Sub 1, whose legal name is Mahi Inc., is a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of MPC. Upon the completion of the first merger, Merger
Sub 1 will cease to exist. Merger Sub 1 was incorporated in Delaware on April 27, 2018 for the sole purpose of effecting the first merger.

Mahi LLC

c/o Marathon Petroleum Corporation
539 South Main Street
Findlay, OH 45840
Phone: 419-422-2121

Merger Sub 2, whose legal name is Mahi LLC, is a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of MPC. Upon the completion of the second merger,
Merger Sub 2 will survive the second merger and continue to exist as a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of MPC. Merger Sub 2 was formed in
Delaware on April 27, 2018 for the sole purpose of effecting the second merger.

The Merger and the Merger Agreement

The terms and conditions of the merger are contained in the merger agreement, which is attached to this document as Annex A and is
incorporated by reference herein in its entirety. MPC and Andeavor encourage you to read the merger agreement carefully, as it is the legal
document that governs the merger.

The MPC board and the Andeavor board have each unanimously approved the merger agreement. The merger agreement provides for the
acquisition of Andeavor by MPC through the merger of Merger Sub 1, a wholly owned subsidiary of MPC, with and into Andeavor, with Andeavor
continuing as the surviving corporation of the first merger. Immediately following the completion of the first merger, the surviving corporation will
merge with and into Merger Sub 2, a wholly owned subsidiary of MPC, and the separate corporate existence of Andeavor will cease, with Merger
Sub 2 continuing as the surviving company of the second merger.

Voting and Support Agreement

On April 29, 2018, MPC, Andeavor, Merger Sub 1 and Merger Sub 2 entered into a Voting and Support Agreement, which is referred to as
the voting agreement, with Paul L. Foster and Franklin Mountain Investments, LP, which are referred to collectively as the stockholder. Based on
information provided by the stockholder to

 
-20-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 34/241

Table of Contents

MPC and Andeavor as of the date of the voting agreement, the stockholder beneficially owned in the aggregate 7,841,425 shares of Andeavor
common stock (representing approximately 5.2% of the outstanding shares of Andeavor common stock as of April 26, 2018, 6,489,218 shares of
which were beneficially owned by Franklin Mountain Investments, LP (Mr. Foster is the sole member and president of Franklin Mountain G.P.,
LLC, the general partner of Franklin Mountain Investments, LP, and as such, may be deemed to have voting and dispositive power over the shares
owned by Franklin Mountain Investments, LP)). The stockholder has agreed, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the voting
agreement and excluding certain shares of Andeavor common stock that are subject to a pre-existing 10b5-1 trading plan, to vote its shares of
Andeavor common stock in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement and the approval of the transactions contemplated thereby, including the
merger, and other related matters, and to vote against, among other things, any proposal relating to a competing transaction involving Andeavor.
The voting agreement will terminate on the earliest to occur of (i) the effective time of the first merger, (ii) the termination of the merger agreement
and (iii) the occurrence of an adverse company recommendation change (as defined in the merger agreement). A copy of the voting agreement is
attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus as Annex B and is incorporated by reference herein in their entirety.

Recommendation of the MPC Board

The MPC board recommends that you vote “FOR” the MPC issuance proposal, “FOR” the MPC authorized stock COI amendment proposal,
“FOR” the MPC board size COI amendment proposal and “FOR” the MPC adjournment proposal.

Recommendation of the Andeavor Board

The Andeavor board recommends that you vote “FOR” the Andeavor merger proposal, “FOR” the Andeavor compensation proposal and
“FOR” the Andeavor adjournment proposal.

Opinions of Financial Advisors

Opinion of Barclays, MPC’s financial advisor

MPC retained Barclays Capital Inc., which is referred to as Barclays, as its financial advisor in connection with a potential strategic
transaction with Andeavor. On April 29, 2018, Barclays rendered to the MPC board its oral opinion, which was subsequently confirmed by delivery
of a written opinion dated April 29, 2018, that, as of such date and based upon and subject to the assumptions, limitations, qualifications and other
matters set forth in its written opinion, a copy of which is attached hereto as Annex C, the aggregate stock consideration together with the
aggregate cash consideration, which is referred to as the aggregate merger consideration, to be paid by MPC is fair, from a financial point of view,
to MPC.

The full text of Barclays’ written opinion, dated as of April 29, 2018, is attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus as Annex C, and is
hereby incorporated by reference herein in its entirety. Barclays’ written opinion sets forth, among other things, the assumptions made, procedures
followed, factors considered and limitations upon the review undertaken by Barclays in rendering its opinion. You are encouraged to read the
opinion carefully in its entirety. The summary of Barclays’ opinion set forth in this joint proxy statement/prospectus is qualified in its entirety by
reference to the full text of the opinion. Barclays’ opinion is addressed to the MPC board, addresses only the fairness, from a financial point of
view, to MPC of the aggregate merger consideration to be paid by MPC and is not intended to be, and does not constitute, a recommendation to any
MPC stockholder as to how such stockholder should vote with respect to the merger or any other matter.

For more information, see the section entitled “The Merger—Opinion of Barclays, MPC’s Financial Advisor” beginning on page 93 and
Annex C.

 
-21-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 35/241

Table of Contents

Opinion of Goldman Sachs, Andeavor’s financial advisor

Goldman Sachs delivered its opinion to the Andeavor board that, as of April 29, 2018 and based upon and subject to the factors and
assumptions set forth therein, the exchange ratio together with the cash consideration, which is subject to proration and certain other procedures
and limitations contained in the merger agreement, as to which procedures and limitations Goldman Sachs expressed no opinion, which are
collectively referred to as the aggregate consideration, to be paid to the holders (other than MPC and its affiliates) of the outstanding shares of
Andeavor common stock pursuant to the merger agreement was fair from a financial point of view to such holders.

The full text of the written opinion of Goldman Sachs, dated April 29, 2018, which sets forth assumptions made, procedures followed,
matters considered and limitations on the review undertaken in connection with the opinion, is attached as Annex D. Goldman Sachs provided
advisory services and its opinion for the information and assistance of the Andeavor board in connection with its consideration of the merger. The
Goldman Sachs opinion is not a recommendation as to how any Andeavor stockholder should vote with respect to the merger or any other matter.
Pursuant to an engagement letter between Andeavor and Goldman Sachs, Andeavor has agreed to pay Goldman Sachs a transaction fee of $45
million, all of which is contingent upon consummation of the merger.

For more information, see the section entitled “The Merger—Opinion of Goldman Sachs, Andeavor’s Financial Advisor” beginning on
page 124 and Annex D.

Special Meeting of MPC Stockholders

The MPC special meeting will be held on September 24, 2018, at 10:00 AM, Eastern Time, in the Auditorium of Marathon Petroleum
Corporation at 539 South Main Street, Findlay, Ohio 45840. The purpose of the MPC special meeting is to consider and vote on the MPC issuance
proposal, the MPC authorized stock COI amendment proposal, the MPC board size COI amendment proposal and, if necessary, the MPC
adjournment proposal.

Approval of the MPC issuance proposal is a condition to the obligations of MPC and Andeavor to complete the merger. The obligations of
MPC and Andeavor to complete the merger are not conditioned upon approval by the MPC stockholders of the MPC authorized stock COI
amendment proposal, the MPC board size COI amendment or the MPC adjournment proposal.

Only holders of record of issued and outstanding shares of MPC common stock as of the close of business on August 1, 2018, the record date
for the MPC special meeting, are entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the MPC special meeting or any adjournment or postponement of the MPC
special meeting. You may cast one vote for each share of MPC common stock that you owned as of the close of business on that record date.

A quorum of stockholders is necessary to hold a valid meeting. A quorum will exist at the MPC special meeting with respect to each matter
to be considered at the MPC special meeting if the holders of a majority of shares of MPC common stock outstanding and entitled to vote on the
record date are present in person or represented by proxy at the MPC special meeting. All shares represented by proxy are counted as present for
purposes of establishing a quorum, including abstentions. Shares of MPC common stock held in street name will be counted as present for the
purpose of determining the existence of a quorum at the MPC special meeting so long as a stockholder has given the bank, broker or other nominee
voting instructions on at least one of the proposals brought before the MPC special meeting. The proposals for consideration at the MPC special
meeting are considered “non-routine” matters under NYSE Rule 452, and, therefore, no broker non-votes can occur at the meeting. A stockholder’s
shares will not be counted as present for the purpose of determining the existence of a quorum if no instructions have been provided on how to vote
on any such proposals.

 
-22-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 36/241

Table of Contents

Approval of the MPC issuance proposal requires the affirmative vote of a majority of votes cast by MPC stockholders present in person or by
proxy at the MPC special meeting and entitled to vote on the proposal. Under the NYSE rules, abstentions will have the same effect as a vote
“AGAINST” the proposal.

Approval of the MPC authorized stock COI amendment proposal requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of MPC common
stock outstanding as of the close of business on the record date and entitled to vote on the proposal. Abstentions will have the same effect as a vote
“AGAINST” the proposal.

Approval of the MPC board size COI amendment proposal requires the affirmative vote of at least 80% of the shares of MPC common stock
outstanding as of the close of business on the record date and entitled to vote on the proposal. Abstentions will have the same effect as a vote
“AGAINST” the proposal.

Approval of the MPC adjournment proposal requires the affirmative vote of a majority of shares held by MPC stockholders present in person
or by proxy at the MPC special meeting and entitled to vote on the proposal. Abstentions will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the
proposal.

Under the NYSE rules, brokers who hold shares in street name for a beneficial owner of those shares typically have the authority to vote in
their discretion on “routine” proposals when they have not received instructions from beneficial owners. However, brokers are not allowed to
exercise their voting discretion with respect to the approval of matters that the NYSE rules determine to be “non-routine.” With respect to non-
routine matters a broker does not have discretionary authority to vote in the absence of instructions and will not vote on proposals if the broker has
not received instructions from the beneficial owners on how to vote on the proposals. Under the NYSE rules, brokers are not permitted to vote on
any of the matters to be considered at the MPC special meeting. As a result, your shares will not be voted on any matter unless you affirmatively
instruct your bank, broker or nominee how to vote your shares in one of the ways indicated by your bank, broker or other nominee.

Special Meeting of Andeavor Stockholders

The Andeavor special meeting will be held on September 24, 2018 at 9:00 AM Central Time at JW Marriott San Antonio, 23808 Resort
Parkway, San Antonio, Texas 78261. The purpose of the Andeavor special meeting is to consider and vote on the Andeavor merger proposal, the
Andeavor compensation proposal and, if necessary, the Andeavor adjournment proposal.

Approval of the Andeavor merger proposal is a condition to the obligations of MPC and Andeavor to complete the merger. The obligations of
MPC and Andeavor to complete the merger are not conditioned upon approval by the Andeavor stockholders of the Andeavor compensation
proposal or the Andeavor adjournment proposal.

Only holders of record of issued and outstanding shares of Andeavor common stock as of the close of business on August 1, 2018, the record
date for the Andeavor special meeting, are entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the Andeavor special meeting or any adjournment or postponement
of the Andeavor special meeting. You may cast one vote for each share of Andeavor common stock that you owned as of the close of business on
that record date.

A quorum of Andeavor stockholders is necessary to hold a valid meeting. A quorum will exist at the Andeavor special meeting with respect
to each matter to be considered at the Andeavor special meeting if the holders of a majority of shares of Andeavor common stock issued and
outstanding and entitled to vote on the record date are present in person or represented by proxy at the Andeavor special meeting. All shares
represented by proxy are counted as present for purposes of establishing a quorum, including abstentions. Shares of Andeavor common stock held
in street name will be counted as present for the purpose of determining the

 
-23-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 37/241

Table of Contents

existence of a quorum at the Andeavor special meeting so long as a stockholder has given the broker or other nominee voting instructions on at
least one of the proposals brought before the Andeavor special meeting. The proposals for consideration at the Andeavor special meeting are
considered “non-routine” matters under NYSE Rule 452, and, therefore, no broker non-votes can occur at the meeting. A stockholder’s shares will
not be counted as present for the purpose of determining the existence of a quorum if no instructions have been provided on how to vote on any
such proposals.

Approval of the Andeavor merger proposal requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of Andeavor common stock outstanding
as of the close of business on the record date and entitled to vote on the proposal. Abstentions will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the
proposal.

Approval of the Andeavor compensation proposal requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of Andeavor common stock
present in person or by proxy at the Andeavor special meeting and entitled to vote on the proposal. Abstentions will have the same effect as a vote
“AGAINST” the proposal.

Approval of the Andeavor adjournment proposal requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of Andeavor common stock present
in person or by proxy at the Andeavor special meeting and entitled to vote on the proposal. Abstentions will have the same effect as a vote
“AGAINST” the proposal.

Under the NYSE rules, brokers who hold shares in street name for a beneficial owner of those shares typically have the authority to vote in
their discretion on “routine” proposals when they have not received instructions from beneficial owners. However, brokers are not allowed to
exercise their voting discretion with respect to the approval of matters that the NYSE rules determine to be “non-routine.” With respect to non-
routine matters a broker does not have discretionary authority to vote in the absence of instructions and will not vote on proposals if the broker has
not received instructions from the beneficial owners on how to vote on the proposals. Under the NYSE rules, brokers are not permitted to vote on
any of the matters to be considered at the Andeavor special meeting. As a result, your shares will not be voted on any matter unless you
affirmatively instruct your bank, broker or nominee how to vote your shares in one of the ways indicated by your bank, broker or other nominee.

Directors of MPC Following the Merger

If the MPC board size COI amendment proposal is approved by MPC stockholders, following the merger, the MPC board will be comprised
of up to 14 directors. Pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement, MPC will use its reasonable best efforts promptly after the effective time to
cause the MPC board to be comprised of:
 

 
•  ten directors selected by MPC, who initially will be Gary R. Heminger, Abdulaziz F. Alkhayyal, Evan Bayh, Charles E. Bunch,

Steven A. Davis, Donna A. James, James E. Rohr, Frank M. Semple, J. Michael Stice and John P. Surma; and
 

 •  four current members of the Andeavor board who will be identified by Andeavor prior to the closing date of the merger.

Should the MPC board size COI amendment proposal not be approved, two directors of MPC’s current board will resign in order to appoint
the four Andeavor appointees.

Interests of Andeavor Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger

Andeavor’s directors and executive officers have interests in the merger that may be different from, or in addition to, the interests of
Andeavor stockholders generally. These interests include, but are not limited to the treatment in the merger of Andeavor options, Andeavor RSUs,
Andeavor PSAs, Andeavor MSUs, Andeavor

 
-24-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 38/241

Table of Contents

restricted shares and Andeavor other awards held by Andeavor executive officers and directors, including the vesting of awards upon a qualifying
termination of employment during a two-year period following the closing of the merger, the payment of 2018 annual cash performance bonuses,
and enhanced severance upon a qualifying termination of employment during a two-year period following the closing of the merger under the
Andeavor Executive Severance and Change in Control Plan, referred to as the Executive CIC Plan, or, for Mr. Goff, under his letter agreement.

The members of the Andeavor board were aware of and considered these interests, among other matters, in evaluating and negotiating the
merger agreement and approving the merger and in determining to recommend to Andeavor stockholders that they adopt the merger agreement.

These interests are described in more detail in the section entitled “The Merger—Interests of Andeavor Directors and Executive Officers in
the Merger” beginning on page 146.

Conditions to the Completion of the Merger

Under the merger agreement, the respective obligations of MPC, Andeavor, Merger Sub 1 and Merger Sub 2 to complete the merger are
subject to the satisfaction or waiver at or prior to the effective time of the first merger of the following conditions:
 

 
•  MPC Stockholder Approval. The MPC issuance proposal must have been approved by the affirmative vote of a majority of votes cast

by MPC stockholders present in person or by proxy at the MPC special meeting and entitled to vote on the proposal.
 

 
•  Andeavor Stockholder Approval. The Andeavor merger proposal must have been duly adopted by holders of a majority of the

outstanding shares of Andeavor common stock entitled to vote thereon at the Andeavor special meeting.
 

 
•  NYSE Listing. The shares of MPC common stock issuable to Andeavor stockholders pursuant to the merger agreement must have been

authorized for listing on the NYSE upon the official notice of issuance.
 

 

•  Regulatory Consents. The waiting period under the HSR Act applicable to the completion of the merger and the other transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement must have expired or been terminated, as well as satisfaction of all approvals, notices or other
requirements under other antitrust laws, without the imposition of or requirement to agree to, any terms, conditions, liabilities,
obligations or commitments that, individually or in the aggregate, constitute a burdensome condition, as defined in the section entitled
“The Merger Agreement—Reasonable Best Efforts; Regulatory Filings and Other Actions—Burdensome Condition” beginning on page
175 and in the merger agreement.

 

 
•  Litigation. There must not have been enacted, issued, promulgated, enforced or entered by a court or other governmental entity of

competent jurisdiction any applicable law that is in effect and restrains, enjoins or otherwise prohibits completion of the merger or the
other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

 

 
•  Effectiveness of the Registration Statement. The registration statement of which this joint proxy statement/prospectus forms a part must

have become effective under the Securities Act and must not be the subject of any stop order issued by the SEC or any pending
proceedings initiated by the SEC seeking such a stop order.

Under the merger agreement, the obligations of MPC, Merger Sub 1 and Merger Sub 2 to complete the merger are subject to the satisfaction
or waiver of the following additional conditions:
 

 
•  certain representations and warranties of Andeavor regarding aspects of its capitalization and the capitalization of Andeavor Logistics

must be true and correct as of the date of the merger agreement

 
-25-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 39/241

Table of Contents

 
and as of the closing as though made on and as of such date and time (except to the extent that any such representation and warranty
expressly speaks as of another date, in which case such representation and warranty will only be required to be so true and correct as of
such other date), except for such inaccuracies as would not in the aggregate be material in amount or effect;

 

 
•  the representations and warranties of Andeavor regarding the absence of any material adverse effect on Andeavor and its subsidiaries

must be true and correct as of the date of the merger agreement and as of the closing as though made on and as of such date and time;
 

 

•  certain representations and warranties of Andeavor regarding due organization and validity of existence; corporate authority; approval
and fairness; non-contravention with respect to the organizational documents of Andeavor or its subsidiaries; takeover statutes; and
broker’s and finder’s fees must be true and correct in all material respects as of the date of the merger agreement and as of the closing as
though made on and as of such date and time (except to the extent that any such representation and warranty expressly speaks as of
another date, in which case such representation and warranty will only be required to be so true and correct as of such other date);

 

 

•  the other representations and warranties of Andeavor must be true and correct, without regard to materiality, Andeavor material adverse
effect (as defined in the merger agreement), or similar qualifiers, as of the date of the merger agreement and as of the closing as though
made on and as of such date and time (except to the extent that any such representation and warranty expressly speaks as of another
date, in which case such representation and warranty will only be required to be so true and correct as of such other date), other than for
such failures to be so true and correct that, individually or in the aggregate, have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have
an Andeavor material adverse effect;

 

 
•  Andeavor must have performed and complied with in all material respects all of its obligations under the merger agreement required to

be performed or complied with at or prior to the closing; and
 

 
•  MPC must have received a certificate signed by an executive officer of Andeavor to the effect that the foregoing closing conditions

have been satisfied.

Under the merger agreement, the obligation of Andeavor to complete the merger is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the following
additional conditions:
 

 

•  certain representations and warranties of MPC, Merger Sub 1 and Merger Sub 2 regarding due organization and validity of existence;
capital structure; corporate authority; approval and fairness; non-contravention with respect to the organizational documents of MPC or
its subsidiaries; and broker’s and finder’s fees must be true and correct in all material respects as of the date of the merger agreement
and as of the closing as though made on and as of such date and time (except to the extent that any such representation and warranty
expressly speaks as of another date, in which case such representation and warranty will only be required to be so true and correct as of
such other date);

 

 
•  the representations and warranties of MPC, Merger Sub 1 and Merger Sub 2 regarding the absence of any material adverse effect on

MPC and its subsidiaries must be true and correct as of the date of the merger agreement and as of the closing as though made on and as
of such date and time;

 

 

•  the other representations and warranties of MPC, Merger Sub 1 and Merger Sub 2 must be true and correct without regard to
materiality, MPC material adverse effect, or similar qualifiers, as of the date of the merger agreement and as of the closing as though
made on and as of such date and time (except to the extent that any such representation and warranty expressly speaks as of another
date, in which case such representation and warranty will only be required to be so true and correct as of such other date), other than for
such failures to be so true and correct that, individually or in the aggregate, have not had and would not be reasonably be expected to
have an MPC material adverse effect;

 
-26-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 40/241

Table of Contents

 
•  MPC, Merger Sub 1 and Merger Sub 2 must have performed and complied with in all material respects all of their respective

obligations under the merger agreement required to be performed or complied with by them at or prior to the closing;
 

 
•  Andeavor must have received a certificate signed by an executive officer of MPC on behalf of MPC, Merger Sub 1, and Merger Sub 2

to the effect that the foregoing closing conditions have been satisfied; and
 

 

•  Andeavor must have received a written opinion from Sullivan & Cromwell LLP (or another nationally recognized law firm selected by
Andeavor) substantially to the effect that (i) for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the merger will be treated as a “reorganization”
within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code and (ii) MPC and Andeavor will each be a “party to the
reorganization” within the meaning of Section 368(b) of the Internal Revenue Code.

Non-Solicitation by MPC or Andeavor

As more fully described in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Non-Solicitation of Acquisition Proposals; Changes of
Recommendation” beginning on page 168 and in the merger agreement, and subject to the exceptions described below and in the merger
agreement, each of MPC and Andeavor has agreed not to, and to cause their respective representatives not to, among other things, (i) initiate, solicit
or knowingly encourage or facilitate the making of any proposal or offer that constitutes, or would reasonably be expected to lead to, an acquisition
proposal (as such term is defined in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Non-Solicitation of Acquisition Proposals; Changes of
Recommendation” beginning on page 168 and in the merger agreement; (ii) participate in any discussions or negotiations relating to, or that would
reasonably be expected to lead to, an acquisition proposal, with any third party that is reasonably likely to be considering or seeking to make, or has
made since April 29, 2017, an acquisition proposal; (iii) make available to any third party that is reasonably likely to be considering or seeking to
make, or has made since April 29, 2017, an acquisition proposal, any non-public information or data relating to, or that would reasonably be
expected to lead to, an acquisition proposal; or (iv)  enter into any contract relating to, or that would reasonably be expected to lead to, an
acquisition proposal.

Changes of Recommendation

MPC Restrictions on Changes of Recommendation

Subject to certain exceptions described below, the MPC board (and each committee thereof) may not:
 

 •  fail to include in this joint proxy statement/prospectus its recommendation that MPC stockholders approve the MPC issuance proposal;
 

 
•  withhold or withdraw, or directly or indirectly qualify or modify in a manner that is adverse to Andeavor, its recommendation that MPC

stockholders approve the share issuance proposal, or its approval of the merger agreement or the merger, or publicly propose to do so;
 

 

•  make any public recommendation in connection with a tender offer or exchange offer other than a recommendation against such offer or
a “stop, look and listen” communication of the type contemplated by Rule 14d-9(f) under the Exchange Act or fail to recommend
against acceptance of such tender or exchange offer by close of business on the earlier of the 10th business day after the commencement
of such offer and the second business day prior to the MPC special meeting;

 

 
•  adopt, approve, recommend to its stockholders, endorse or otherwise declare advisable any acquisition proposal for MPC, or resolve,

agree or publicly propose to do so, except as set forth below; or
 

 
•  except with respect to tender and exchange offers (discussed above), fail to publicly reaffirm its recommendation that MPC

stockholders approve the MPC issuance proposal within three business

 
-27-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 41/241

Table of Contents

 
days following receipt of a written notice from Andeavor requesting such reaffirmation delivered after an acquisition proposal for MPC
has become publicly known (or if earlier, by the date that is two business days prior to the MPC special meeting).

The taking of any of the actions described in any of the five bullets above is referred to in this joint proxy statement/prospectus as an adverse
MPC recommendation change.

Andeavor Restrictions on Changes of Recommendation

Similarly, and subject to certain exceptions described below, the Andeavor board (and each committee thereof) may not:
 

 
•  fail to include in this joint proxy statement/prospectus its recommendation that Andeavor stockholders approve the Andeavor merger

proposal;
 

 
•  withhold or withdraw, or directly or indirectly qualify or modify in a manner that is adverse to MPC, Merger Sub 1 or Merger Sub 2 its

recommendation that Andeavor stockholders approve the Andeavor merger proposal, or its approval of the merger agreement or the
merger, or publicly propose to do so;

 

 

•  make any public recommendation in connection with a tender offer or exchange offer other than a recommendation against such offer or
a “stop, look and listen” communication of the type contemplated by Rule 14d-9(f) under the Exchange Act or fail to recommend
against acceptance of such tender or exchange offer by close of business on the earlier of the 10th business day after the commencement
of such offer and the second business day prior to the Andeavor special meeting;

 

 
•  adopt, approve, recommend to its stockholders, endorse or otherwise declare advisable any acquisition proposal for Andeavor, or

resolve, agree or publicly propose to do so, except as set forth below; or
 

 

•  except with respect to tender and exchange offers (discussed above), fail to publicly reaffirm its recommendation that Andeavor
stockholders approve the Andeavor merger proposal within three business days following receipt of a written notice from MPC
requesting such reaffirmation delivered after an acquisition proposal for Andeavor has become publicly known (or if earlier, by the date
that is two business days prior to the Andeavor special meeting).

The taking of any of the actions described in any of the five bullets above is referred to in this joint proxy statement/prospectus as an adverse
Andeavor recommendation change.

MPC: No-Shop Exceptions; Permitted Changes of Recommendation and Permitted Termination to Enter into a Superior Proposal

At any time prior to the time that the MPC issuance proposal has been approved by MPC stockholders, if MPC receives a bona fide
acquisition proposal that did not result from a breach of the no-shop provisions of the merger agreement, MPC may make an adverse MPC
recommendation change or terminate the merger agreement, pay the termination fee and enter into an alternative acquisition agreement with respect
to an acquisition proposal if the MPC board:
 

 
•  determines in good faith (after consultation with outside counsel where required by the merger agreement) that failure to take such

actions would be inconsistent with its fiduciary duties under Delaware law;
 

 
•  determines in good faith, after consultation with its outside counsel and financial advisor that such acquisition proposal constitutes a

superior proposal; and
 

 
•  has complied with the match right obligations under the merger agreement, which are described in the section entitled “The Merger

Agreement—Non-Solicitation of Acquisition Proposals; Changes of

 
-28-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 42/241

Table of Contents

 
Recommendation—MPC: No-Shop Exceptions; Permitted Changes of Recommendation and Permitted Termination to Enter into a
Superior Proposal” beginning on page 170.

MPC: Permitted Changes of Recommendation in Connection with Intervening Events

At any time prior to the time that the MPC issuance proposal has been approved by MPC stockholders, if an MPC intervening event (as
defined in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Non-Solicitation of Acquisition Proposals; Changes of Recommendation—
MPC: Permitted Changes of Recommendation in Connection with Intervening Events” beginning on page 171 and in the merger agreement) occurs
and the MPC board determines in good faith, after consultation with its outside legal counsel and financial advisor, that the failure to effect an
adverse MPC recommendation change in response to such MPC intervening event would be inconsistent with its fiduciary duties under Delaware
law, the MPC board may make an adverse MPC recommendation change in response to such MPC intervening event if it has complied with the
match right obligations under the merger agreement, which are described in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Non-Solicitation of
Acquisition Proposals; Changes of Recommendation—MPC: Permitted Changes of Recommendation in Connection with Intervening Events”
beginning on page 171.

Andeavor: No-Shop Exceptions; Permitted Changes of Recommendation and Permitted Termination to Enter into a Superior Proposal

At any time prior to the time that the Andeavor merger proposal has been approved by Andeavor stockholders, if Andeavor receives a bona
fide acquisition proposal that did not result from a breach of the no-shop provisions of the merger agreement, the Andeavor board may make an
adverse Andeavor recommendation change or terminate the merger agreement, pay the termination fee and enter into an alternative acquisition
agreement with respect to an acquisition proposal if the Andeavor board:
 

 
•  determines in good faith (after consultation with outside counsel where required by the merger agreement) that failure to take such

actions would be inconsistent with its fiduciary duties under Delaware law;
 

 
•  determines in good faith, after consultation with its outside counsel and financial advisor that such acquisition proposal constitutes a

superior proposal; and
 

 
•  has complied with the match right obligations under the merger agreement, which are described in the section entitled “The Merger

Agreement—Non-Solicitation of Acquisition Proposals; Changes of Recommendation—Andeavor: No-Shop Exceptions; Permitted
Changes of Recommendation and Permitted Termination to Enter into a Superior Proposal” beginning on page 171.

Andeavor: Permitted Changes of Recommendation in Connection with Intervening Events

At any time prior to the time that the Andeavor merger proposal has been approved by Andeavor stockholders, if an Andeavor intervening
event (as defined in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Non-Solicitation of Acquisition Proposals; Changes of Recommendation—
Andeavor: Permitted Changes of Recommendation in Connection with Intervening Events” beginning on page 172 and in the merger agreement)
occurs and the Andeavor board determines in good faith, after consultation with its outside legal counsel and financial advisor, that the failure to
effect an adverse Andeavor recommendation change in response to such Andeavor intervening event would be inconsistent with its fiduciary duties
under Delaware law, the Andeavor board may make an adverse Andeavor recommendation change in response to such Andeavor intervening event
if it has complied with the match right obligations under the merger agreement, which are described in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement
—Non-Solicitation of Acquisition Proposals; Changes of Recommendation—Andeavor: Permitted Changes of Recommendation in Connection with
Intervening Events” beginning on page 172.

 
-29-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 43/241

Table of Contents

Termination

Andeavor and MPC may terminate the merger agreement and abandon the merger at any time prior to the effective time of the first merger by
mutual written consent of Andeavor and MPC.

The merger agreement may also be terminated by either Andeavor or MPC at any time prior to the effective time of the first merger in any of
the following situations if the terminating party has not breached in any material respect its obligations under the merger agreement in any manner
that has proximately contributed to the failure of a condition to the completion of the first merger or the failure of the completion of the first merger
to occur:
 

 •  the completion of the first merger does not occur by April 29, 2019, which is referred to as an end date termination event;
 

 
•  the MPC special meeting is held and the MPC stockholders do not approve the MPC issuance proposal at such meeting or at any

permitted adjournment or postponement of such meeting, which is referred to as an MPC stockholder approval termination event;
 

 
•  the Andeavor special meeting is held and the Andeavor stockholders do not approve the Andeavor merger proposal at such meeting or

at any permitted adjournment or postponement of such meeting, which is referred to as an Andeavor stockholder approval termination
event; or

 

 
•  any law or order permanently restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the completion of the merger becomes final and non-

appealable.

In addition, the merger agreement may be terminated by MPC:
 

 

•  prior to the approval of the MPC issuance proposal by MPC stockholders, in order for MPC to enter into an alternative acquisition
agreement providing for the consummation of a superior proposal in compliance with the procedures described in the second bullet in
the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Non-Solicitation of Acquisition Proposals; Changes of Recommendation—MPC: No-Shop
Exceptions; Permitted Changes of Recommendation and Permitted Termination to Enter into a Superior Proposal” beginning on
page 170, after having fully complied with the match right and other no-shop obligations under the merger agreement, provided that
MPC pays the reverse termination fee prior to or concurrently with termination of the merger agreement;

 

 •  prior to the effective time of the first merger, if an adverse Andeavor recommendation change has occurred;
 

 

•  prior to the effective time of the first merger, if there is a breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement made by
Andeavor in the merger agreement, or any such representation and warranty or covenant becomes untrue after the date of the merger
agreement, such that the condition to closing above relating to the accuracy of the representations and warranties of Andeavor or the
condition to closing above relating to the covenants or agreements of Andeavor would not be satisfied, and such breach or condition is
not curable, or, if curable, is not cured prior to the earlier of 30 days after written notice thereof is given by MPC to Andeavor and the
fifth business day prior to April 29, 2019, which is referred to as the Andeavor breach termination event; or

 

 
•  prior to the effective time of the first merger, if there is a material breach by Andeavor of its no-shop covenants and such breach is not

curable or, if curable, is not cured within the earlier of (i) 10 calendar days after written notice of the breach is given by MPC to
Andeavor and (ii) the fifth business day prior to April 29, 2019.

Further, the merger agreement may be terminated by Andeavor:
 

 
•  prior to the adoption of the merger agreement by Andeavor stockholders, in order for Andeavor to enter into an alternative acquisition

agreement providing for the consummation of a superior proposal in

 
-30-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 44/241

Table of Contents

 

compliance with the procedures described in the second bullet in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Non-Solicitation of
Acquisition Proposals; Changes of Recommendation—Andeavor: No-Shop Exceptions; Permitted Changes of Recommendation and
Permitted Termination to Enter into a Superior Proposal” beginning on page 171, after having fully complied with the match right and
other no-shop obligations under the merger agreement, provided that Andeavor pays the termination fee prior to or concurrently with
termination of the merger agreement;

 

 •  prior to the effective time of the first merger, if an adverse MPC recommendation change has occurred;
 

 

•  prior to the effective time of the first merger, if there is a breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement made by MPC,
Merger Sub 1 or Merger Sub 2 in the merger agreement, or any such representation and warranty or covenant becomes untrue after the
date of the merger agreement, such that the condition to closing above relating to the accuracy of the representations and warranties of
MPC, Merger Sub 1 and Merger Sub 2 or the condition to closing above relating to the covenants or agreements of MPC, Merger Sub 1
and Merger Sub 2 would not be satisfied, and such breach or condition is not curable, or, if curable, is not cured prior to the earlier of
either 30 days after written notice thereof is given by Andeavor to MPC and the fifth business day prior to April 29, 2019, which is
referred to as an MPC breach termination event; or

 

 
•  prior to the effective time of the first merger, if there is a material breach by MPC of its no-shop covenants and such breach is not

curable or, if curable, is not cured within the earlier of (i) 10 calendar days after written notice of the breach is given by Andeavor to
MPC and (ii) the fifth business day prior to April 29, 2019.

For more information, see the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Termination” beginning on page 181.

Termination Fees

Termination Fees Payable by MPC

The merger agreement requires MPC to pay Andeavor a termination fee of $800 million, which is referred to as the reverse termination fee,
if:
 

 •  Andeavor terminates the merger agreement due to an adverse MPC recommendation change;
 

 
•  Andeavor terminates the merger agreement due to an MPC breach termination event following a material breach by MPC or its

representatives of certain covenants related to the filing of the proxy statement and calling the MPC special meeting, which is referred
to as an MPC meeting breach termination event;

 

 
•  Andeavor terminates the merger agreement due to an MPC breach termination event following a material breach by MPC of MPC’s “no

shop” obligations under the merger agreement as described in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Non-Solicitation of
Acquisition Proposals; Changes of Recommendation” beginning on page 168;

 

 
•  MPC terminates the merger agreement to enter into an alternative acquisition agreement providing for the consummation of a superior

proposal in accordance with the merger agreement; or
 

 

•  MPC or Andeavor terminates the merger agreement because there has been an end date termination event, an MPC stockholder
approval termination event or an MPC breach termination event (other than an MPC meeting breach termination event), an acquisition
proposal with respect to MPC was publicly announced after April 29, 2018 and not unconditionally withdrawn, in the case of an end
date termination event or an MPC breach termination event, before the date of termination, and in the case

 
-31-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 45/241

Table of Contents

 
of an MPC stockholder approval termination event, before the MPC special meeting, and within 12 months following the date of such
termination:

 

 •  the MPC board recommends that MPC stockholders vote in favor of or tender into an MPC acquisition proposal;
 

 •  MPC enters into an alternative acquisition agreement providing for an MPC acquisition proposal; or
 

 •  an MPC acquisition proposal is consummated.

Further, the merger agreement requires MPC to pay Andeavor all documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with
the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including attorney’s fees, not in excess of $75 million, if MPC
or Andeavor terminates the merger agreement due to an MPC stockholder approval termination event (which payment will be credited against the
payment of the reverse termination fee if the reverse termination fee subsequently becomes payable).

In no event will MPC be required to pay the reverse termination fee on more than one occasion.

For more information, see the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Termination” beginning on page 181.

Termination Fees Payable by Andeavor

The merger agreement requires Andeavor to pay MPC a termination fee of $600 million, which is referred to as the termination fee, if:
 

 •  MPC terminates the merger agreement due to an adverse Andeavor recommendation change;
 

 
•  MPC terminates the merger agreement due to an Andeavor breach termination event following a material breach by Andeavor or its

representatives of certain covenants related to the filing of the proxy statement and calling the Andeavor special meeting, which is
referred to as an Andeavor meeting breach termination event;

 

 
•  MPC terminates the merger agreement due to an Andeavor breach termination event following a material breach by Andeavor of

Andeavor’s “no shop” obligations under the merger agreement as described in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Non-
Solicitation of Acquisition Proposals; Changes of Recommendation” beginning on page 168;

 

 
•  Andeavor terminates the merger agreement to enter into an alternative acquisition agreement providing for the consummation of a

superior proposal in accordance with the merger agreement; or
 

 

•  MPC or Andeavor terminates the merger agreement because there has been an end date termination event, an Andeavor stockholder
approval termination event or an Andeavor breach termination event (other than an Andeavor meeting breach termination event), an
acquisition proposal with respect to Andeavor was publicly announced after April 29, 2018 and not unconditionally withdrawn in the
case of an end date termination event or an Andeavor breach termination event, before the date of termination, and in the case of an
Andeavor stockholder approval termination event before the Andeavor special meeting, and within 12 months following the date of
such termination:

 

 
•  the Andeavor board recommends that Andeavor stockholders vote in favor of or tender into an Andeavor acquisition proposal

(substituting “50%” for “15%” in the definition of acquisition proposal for these purposes);
 

 
•  Andeavor enters into an alternative acquisition agreement providing for an Andeavor acquisition proposal (substituting “50%”

for “15%” in the definition of acquisition proposal for these purposes); or

 
-32-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 46/241

Table of Contents

 
•  an Andeavor acquisition proposal (substituting “50%” for “15%” in the definition of acquisition proposal for these purposes) is

consummated.

Further, the merger agreement requires Andeavor to pay MPC all documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with
the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including attorney’s fees, not in excess of $75 million, if MPC
or Andeavor terminates the merger agreement due to an Andeavor stockholder approval termination event (which payment will be credited against
the payment of the termination fee if the termination fee subsequently becomes payable).

In no event will Andeavor be required to pay the termination fee on more than one occasion.

For more information, see the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Termination” beginning on page 181.

Regulatory Approvals

U.S. Antitrust

The completion of the merger is subject to the receipt of antitrust clearance in the United States. Under the HSR Act, and the rules
promulgated thereunder, the merger may not be completed until notification and report forms have been filed with the Federal Trade Commission,
which is referred to as the FTC, and the Department of Justice, which is referred to as the DOJ, and the applicable waiting period (or any extension
thereof) has expired or been terminated.

On June 1, 2018, notification and report forms under the HSR Act were filed with the FTC and the DOJ with respect to the proposed merger.
The waiting period with respect to the notification and report forms filed under the HSR Act expired on July 2, 2018. See the section entitled “The
Merger Agreement—Reasonable Best Efforts; Regulatory Filings and Other Actions—Reasonable Best Efforts”beginning on page 175.

Other Regulatory Approvals

The obligation of each of MPC and Andeavor to effect the merger is also subject to obtaining regulatory approval in Canada. On June 1,
2018, MPC and Andeavor submitted notifications and an application for Competition Bureau of Canada clearance of the merger and the parties
received the necessary regulatory clearance in Canada on June 16, 2018.

Appraisal Rights of Andeavor Stockholders

Under the DGCL, subject to the closing of the merger, record holders of Andeavor common stock who do not vote in favor of the Andeavor
merger proposal and who otherwise properly exercise and perfect their appraisal rights in accordance with Section 262 of the DGCL will be
entitled to seek appraisal for, and obtain payment in cash for the judicially determined fair value of, their shares of Andeavor common stock, in lieu
of receiving the merger consideration. The “fair value” could be higher or lower than, or the same as, the merger consideration. Andeavor
stockholders who wish to exercise the right to seek an appraisal of their shares must so advise Andeavor by submitting a written demand for
appraisal in the form described in this joint proxy statement/prospectus prior to the vote on the approval of the Andeavor merger proposal at the
Andeavor special meeting and must otherwise follow the procedures prescribed by Section 262 of the DGCL. A person having a beneficial interest
in shares of Andeavor common stock held of record in the name of another person, such as your bank, broker or other nominee, must act promptly
to cause the record holder to follow the steps summarized in this joint proxy statement/prospectus in a timely manner to perfect appraisal rights.

 
-33-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 47/241

Table of Contents

The full text of Section 262 of the DGCL is attached as Annex E to this joint proxy statement/prospectus. Andeavor stockholders are
encouraged to read these provisions carefully and in their entirety. Moreover, due to the complexity of the procedures for exercising and perfecting
the right to seek appraisal, Andeavor stockholders who are considering exercising and perfecting that right are encouraged to seek the advice of
legal counsel. Failure to strictly comply with these provisions may result in a waiver of, or the inability to exercise, appraisal rights. For more
information regarding appraisal rights, see the section entitled “Appraisal Rights of Andeavor Stockholders” beginning on page 222.

Litigation Relating to the Merger

Between June 20 and July 11, 2018, six putative class actions were filed against some or all of Andeavor, the directors of Andeavor, and
MPC, Merger Sub 1 and Merger Sub 2 (MPC, Merger Sub 1 and Merger Sub 2 are collectively referred to as the MPC Defendants), relating to the
merger. Two complaints, Malka Raul v. Andeavor, et al., and Stephen Bushansky v. Andeavor, et al., were filed in the U.S. District Court for the
Western District of Texas. Four other complaints, captioned The Vladimir Gusinsky Rev. Trust v. Andeavor, et al., Lawrence Zucker v. Andeavor,
et al., Mel Gross v. Andeavor, et al., and Hudson v. Andeavor, et al., were filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware. The
complaints generally allege that Andeavor, the directors of Andeavor and the MPC Defendants disseminated a false or misleading registration
statement regarding the proposed merger in violation of Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act and SEC Rule 14a-9 promulgated thereunder.
Specifically, the complaints allege that the registration statement filed by MPC misstated or omitted material information regarding the parties’
financial projections and the analyses performed by Andeavor’s and MPC’s respective financial advisors, and that disclosure of material
information is necessary in light of preclusive deal protection provisions in the merger agreement, the financial interests of Andeavor’s officers and
directors in completing the deal, and the financial interests of Andeavor’s and MPC’s respective financial advisors. The complaints further allege
that the directors of Andeavor and/or the MPC Defendants are liable for these violations as “controlling persons” of Andeavor under Section 20(a)
of the Exchange Act. The complaints seek injunctive relief, including to enjoin and/or rescind the merger, damages in the event the merger is
consummated, and an award of attorneys’ fees, in addition to other relief.

Additional lawsuits arising out of the merger may be filed in the future. There can be no assurance that any of the defendants will be
successful in the outcome of the pending or any potential future lawsuits. A preliminary injunction could delay or jeopardize the completion of the
merger, and an adverse judgment granting permanent injunctive relief could indefinitely enjoin the completion of the merger. Andeavor and
Marathon believe that the lawsuits are without merit and intend to defend vigorously against them and any other lawsuits challenging the merger.

Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger

For a detailed discussion of the material U.S. federal income tax consequences of the merger, see the section entitled “Material U.S. Federal
Income Tax Consequences of the Merger” beginning on page 188. The tax consequences of the merger to any particular stockholder will depend on
that stockholder’s particular facts and circumstances. Accordingly, please consult your tax advisor to determine the tax consequences to you from
the merger.

 
-34-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 48/241

Table of Contents

Comparison of Stockholders’ Rights

The rights of Andeavor stockholders who receive shares of MPC common stock in the merger will be governed by the MPC certificate of
incorporation, the amended and restated bylaws of MPC, which are referred to as the MPC bylaws, and the corporate governance principles of
MPC rather than by the restated certificate of incorporation of Andeavor, which is referred to as the Andeavor certificate of incorporation, the
amended and restated bylaws of Andeavor, which are referred to as the Andeavor bylaws and the corporate governance guidelines of Andeavor. As
a result, these Andeavor stockholders will have different rights once they become stockholders of MPC due to the differences in the governing
documents of Andeavor and MPC. The key differences are described in the section entitled “Comparison of Stockholders’ Rights” beginning on
page 209.

 
-35-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 49/241

Table of Contents

SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA OF MPC

The following table presents selected historical consolidated financial data for MPC as of and for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016,
2015, 2014 and 2013 and as of and for the three months ended March 31, 2018 and 2017. The selected historical consolidated financial data for
each of the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 and as of December 31, 2017 and 2016 have been derived from MPC’s audited
consolidated financial statements and related notes included in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, which is
incorporated by reference herein. The selected historical consolidated financial data for each of the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013 and
as of December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 have been derived from MPC’s audited consolidated financial statements and related notes for such years,
which have not been incorporated by reference herein. The selected historical consolidated financial data as of March 31, 2018 and for the three
months ended March 31, 2018 and 2017 have been derived from MPC’s unaudited consolidated financial statements and related notes contained in
its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2018, which have been incorporated by reference herein. The selected historical
consolidated balance sheet data as of March 31, 2017 have been derived from MPC’s unaudited consolidated financial statements and related notes
contained in its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017, which has not been incorporated by reference herein.

The information set forth below is not necessarily indicative of future results and should be read together with the other information
contained in MPC’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 and its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter
ended March 31, 2018, including the section entitled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations”
and the consolidated financial statements and related notes therein.
 
  Year Ended December 31,   

Three Months
Ended March 31,  

  2017 (a)   2016   2015 (b)   2014 (b)   2013 (b)   2018   2017  
  (In millions, except per share amounts)        
Statements of consolidated income data:        
Revenues  $74,733  $63,339  $72,051  $97,817  $100,160  $18,866  $16,288 
Income from operations   3,969   2,378   4,692   4,051   3,425   440   291 
Net income   3,804   1,213   2,868   2,555   2,133   235   101 
Net income attributable to MPC   3,432   1,174   2,852   2,524   2,112   37   30 

Per share data (c)        
Net income attributable to MPC per share:        

Basic  $ 6.76  $ 2.22  $ 5.29  $ 4.42  $ 3.34  $ 0.08  $ 0.06 
Diluted  $ 6.70  $ 2.21  $ 5.26  $ 4.39  $ 3.32  $ 0.08  $ 0.06 

Cash dividends declared  $ 1.52  $ 1.36  $ 1.14  $ 0.92  $ 0.77  $ 0.46  $ 0.36 
 
  December 31,   March 31,  
  2017   2016   2015 (b)   2014 (b)   2013 (b)   2018   2017  
  (In millions)        
Consolidated balance sheet data:        
Total assets  $49,047  $44,413  $43,115  $30,425  $28,367  $50,364  $45,821 
Long-term debt, including capitalized leases (d)   12,946   10,572   11,925   6,602   3,378   17,258   12,598 
Noncontrolling interests   6,795   6,646   6,438   639   412   3,875   6,727 
Total equity   20,828   20,203   19,675   11,390   11,332   18,863   19,797 
 
(a) Net income for 2017 includes a tax benefit of approximately $1.5 billion or $2.93 per diluted share as a result of re-measuring certain net

deferred tax liabilities using the lower corporate tax rate enacted in the fourth quarter 2017.

 
-36-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 50/241

Table of Contents

(b) On December 4, 2015, MPLX merged with MarkWest Energy Partners, L.P., which is referred to as MarkWest, pursuant to which MarkWest
became a wholly owned subsidiary of MPLX. On September 30, 2014, MPC acquired from Hess Corporation all of its retail locations,
transport operations and shipper history on various pipelines. On February 1, 2013, MPC acquired from BP Products North America Inc. and
BP Pipelines (North America) Inc. a 451,000 barrel per calendar day refinery located in Texas City, Texas and related assets. The financial
results for these operations are included in MPC’s consolidated results from the date of acquisition.

(c) The number of weighted average shares reflect the impacts of shares of common stock repurchased under MPC’s share repurchase plans.
(d) Includes amounts due within one year. During 2018, MPLX issued $5.5 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes and used the net

proceeds to fund the $4.1 billion cash portion of the consideration paid to MPC for the dropdown of refining logistics and fuels distribution
assets. During 2017, MPLX issued $2.25 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes and used the net proceeds to fund the $1.5 billion
cash portion of the consideration paid to MPC for the dropdown of assets on March 1, 2017. During 2015, in connection with the MarkWest
merger, MPLX assumed MarkWest senior notes with an aggregate principal amount of $4.1 billion and used its credit facility to repay $850
million of the $943 million of previously outstanding borrowings under MarkWest’s credit facility. During 2014, MPC issued $1.95 billion
aggregate principal amount of senior notes and entered into a $700 million term loan agreement to fund a portion of the acquisition of retail
locations and related assets from Hess Corporation.

 
-37-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 51/241

Table of Contents

SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA OF ANDEAVOR

The following table presents selected historical consolidated financial data of Andeavor as of and for the years ended December 31, 2017,
2016, 2015, 2014 and 2013 and as of and for the three months ended March 31, 2018 and 2017. The selected historical consolidated financial data
for each of the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 and as of December 31, 2017 and 2016 have been derived from Andeavor’s audited
consolidated financial statements and related notes included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, which is
incorporated by reference herein. The selected historical consolidated financial data for each of the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013 and
as of December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 have been derived from Andeavor’s audited consolidated financial statements and related notes for such
years, which have not been incorporated by reference herein. The selected historical consolidated financial data as of March 31, 2018 and for the
three months ended March 31, 2018 and 2017 have been derived from Andeavor’s unaudited consolidated financial statements and related notes
contained in its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2018, which has been incorporated by reference herein in its
entirety. The selected historical consolidated balance sheet data as of March 31, 2017 has been derived from Andeavor’s unaudited consolidated
financial statements and related notes contained in its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017, which has not been
incorporated by reference herein.

The information set forth below is not necessarily indicative of future results and should be read together with the other information
contained in Andeavor’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 and its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
quarter ended March 31, 2018, including the section entitled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations,” and the consolidated financial statements and related notes therein.
 
  

Year Ended
December 31,   

Three Months    
Ended March 31,  

  2017 (a)(b)  2016   2015   2014   2013     2018      2017   
  (In millions, except per share amounts)        
Statements of consolidated operations data:        
Revenues  $ 34,975  $ 24,582  $28,711  $ 40,633  $ 37,601  $ 10,300  $ 6,638 
Net earnings from continuing operations   1,675   850   1,694   917   434   229   87 
Net earnings from continuing operations attributable to Andeavor   1,520   724   1,544   872   392   164   50 

Per share data (c)        
Net earnings from continuing operations attributable to Andeavor per share:        

Basic  $ 10.85  $ 6.11  $ 12.53  $ 6.79  $ 2.90  $ 1.08  $ 0.43 
Diluted  $ 10.75  $ 6.04  $ 12.39  $ 6.67  $ 2.85  $ 1.07  $ 0.42 

Cash dividends declared  $ 2.28  $ 2.10  $ 1.85  $ 1.10  $ 0.90  $ 0.59  $ 0.55 
 
  December 31,   March 31,  
  2017 (b)  2016   2015   2014   2013   2018   2017  
  (In millions)        
Consolidated balance sheet data:        
Total assets  $28,573  $20,398  $16,332  $16,491  $13,252  $28,841  $20,069 
Total debt, net of unamortized issuance costs (d)   7,685   6,933   4,073   4,167   2,756   8,733   6,643 
Noncontrolling interest   3,600   2,662   2,527   2,522   1,183   3,521   2,848 
Total equity   13,415   8,127   7,740   6,976   5,485   13,153   8,334 
 
(a) Net earnings for 2017 include a tax benefit of approximately $918 million as a result of re-measuring certain net deferred tax liabilities using

the lower corporate tax rate enacted in the fourth quarter 2017.
 
(b) On June 1, 2017, Andeavor acquired Western Refining and the controlling interest in Western Refining Logistics LP, which is referred to as

WNRL, and such acquisition is referred to as the Western Refining acquisition. The financial results for these operations are included in
Andeavor’s consolidated results from the date of acquisition.

 
-38-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 52/241

Table of Contents

(c) Per share data reflects the impacts from shares of common stock issued in connection with the Western Refining acquisition as well as shares
of common stock repurchased under Andeavor’s share repurchase plans.

 
(d) Includes amounts due within one year. During 2017, Andeavor issued $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes using the

proceeds to repay certain senior notes that matured and to fund the cash portion of the Western Refining acquisition. Andeavor Logistics
issued $1.75 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes using the proceeds to refinance certain senior notes and to fund the $400
million cash portion of the consideration paid to Andeavor for the dropdown of assets on November 8, 2017. During 2016, Andeavor issued
$1.6 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes in anticipation of refinancing Western Refining’s outstanding senior notes in
connection with the Western Refining acquisition. Andeavor Logistics issued $1.45 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes using
the proceeds to acquire certain crude oil, natural gas and produced water gathering systems and two natural gas processing systems in North
Dakota as well as to fund the cash portion of consideration paid to Andeavor for the dropdown of assets on July 1, 2016, September 16, 2016
and November 21, 2016. During 2014, Andeavor Logistics issued $1.3 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes to fund the
acquisition of QEP Field Services, LLC.

 
-39-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 53/241

Table of Contents

SELECTED UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED COMBINED FINANCIAL DATA

The following table presents selected unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated combined financial data referred to throughout as “pro
forma financial data,” “pro forma balance sheet data,” or “pro forma statements of income data” of MPC after giving effect to the merger. The
information under “Pro Forma Statements of Income Data” in the table below gives effect to the merger as if it had been consummated on
January 1, 2017, the beginning of the earliest period for which unaudited pro forma financial statements have been presented. The information
under “Pro Forma Balance Sheet Data” in the table below assumes the merger had been consummated on March 31, 2018. This pro forma financial
data was prepared using the acquisition method of accounting with MPC considered the accounting acquirer of Andeavor. See the section entitled
“The Merger—Accounting Treatment of the Merger” beginning on page 153.

The preliminary pro forma adjustments have been made solely for the purpose of providing the pro forma financial data presented below.
MPC estimated the fair value of Andeavor’s assets and liabilities based on discussions with Andeavor’s management, due diligence information,
preliminary valuation analyses performed by a third-party specialist and reviewed by MPC, information presented in Andeavor’s SEC filings and
other publicly available information. Until the merger is completed, both companies are limited in their ability to share certain information. As a
result of the foregoing, the pro forma adjustments are preliminary and are subject to change as additional information becomes available and as
additional analysis is performed.

Upon completion of the merger, a final determination of the fair value of Andeavor’s assets and liabilities will be performed. Any changes in
the fair values of the net assets or total purchase consideration as compared with the information shown in the pro forma financial data may change
the amount of the total purchase consideration allocated to goodwill and other assets and liabilities and may impact the combined company
statements of income due to adjustments in depreciation and amortization of the adjusted assets or liabilities. The final purchase consideration
allocation may be materially different than the preliminary purchase consideration allocation presented in the pro forma financial data.

 
-40-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 54/241

Table of Contents

The information presented below should be read in conjunction with the historical consolidated financial statements and related notes of
MPC and Andeavor filed by each with the SEC, and incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus, and with the unaudited
pro forma financial statements of MPC and Andeavor, including the related notes, appearing in the section entitled “Unaudited Pro Forma
Condensed Consolidated Combined Financial Statements” beginning on page 192. The unaudited pro forma financial statements are presented for
illustrative purposes only and are not necessarily indicative of results that actually would have occurred or that may occur in the future had the
merger been completed on the dates indicated, or the future operating results or financial position of the combined company following the merger.
Future results may vary significantly from the results reflected because of various factors, including those discussed in the section entitled “Risk
Factors” beginning on page 49.
 

(In millions, except per share amounts)  
Three Months Ended

March 31, 2018    
Year Ended

December 31, 2017 

Pro forma statements of income data:    
Total revenues and other income  $ 29,556   $ 118,868 
Income from operations   661    5,480 
Net income attributable to MPC   77    4,852 
Net income attributable to MPC per share:    

Basic  $ 0.11   $ 6.49 
Diluted  $ 0.11   $ 6.43 

Cash dividends declared per share  $ 0.46   $ 1.52 
 

(In millions)   March 31, 2018 

Pro forma balance sheet data:   
Total assets   $ 88,757 
Long-term debt    25,827 
Noncontrolling interests    8,264 
Total equity    40,313 

 
-41-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 55/241

Table of Contents

COMPARATIVE HISTORICAL AND UNAUDITED PRO FORMA PER SHARE FINANCIAL DATA

Presented below are MPC’s and Andeavor’s historical and unaudited pro forma per share financial data for the three months ended March 31,
2018 and the year ended December 31, 2017. Except for the historical financial data for the year ended December 31, 2017, the financial data
provided in the table below is unaudited. This financial data should be read together with the historical consolidated financial statements and
related notes of MPC and Andeavor filed by each with the SEC, and incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus, and with
the unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated combined financial statements included in the section entitled “Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed
Consolidated Combined Financial Statements” beginning on page 192.

The pro forma financial data is presented for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of the operating results or financial
position that would have occurred if the merger had been completed as of the beginning of the periods presented, nor is it necessarily indicative of
the future operating results or financial position of the combined company. The pro forma financial data, although helpful in illustrating the
financial characteristics of the combined company under one set of assumptions, does not reflect the benefits of expected cost savings (or
associated costs or capital expenditures to achieve such savings), opportunities to earn additional revenue, the impact of restructuring, or other
factors that may result as a consequence of the merger and, accordingly, does not attempt to predict or suggest future results.

The historical book value per share is computed by dividing stockholders’ equity by the number of shares of common stock outstanding at the
end of the period. The pro forma earnings per share of the combined company is computed by dividing the pro forma earnings by the pro forma
weighted average number of shares outstanding. The pro forma book value per share of the combined company is computed by dividing total pro
forma stockholders’ equity by the pro forma number of shares of common stock outstanding at March 31, 2018, the date upon which the pro forma
balance sheet assumes the merger had been completed.
 

  

Three Months
Ended

March 31,
2018   

Year
Ended

December 31,
2017  

MPC historical data:   
Net income attributable to MPC per basic share  $ 0.08  $ 6.76 
Net income attributable to MPC per diluted share   0.08   6.70 
Cash dividends declared per share   0.46   1.52 
Net book value per share   32.09   28.87 

Andeavor historical data:   
Net income from continuing operations attributable to Andeavor per basic share  $ 1.08  $ 10.85 
Net income from continuing operations attributable to Andeavor per diluted share   1.07   10.75 
Cash dividends declared per share   0.59   2.28 
Net book value per share   63.74   64.03 

Pro forma combined data:   
Net income attributable to combined company per basic share  $ 0.11  $ 6.49 
Net income attributable to combined company per diluted share   0.11   6.43 
Cash dividends declared per share   0.46   1.52 
Net book value per share   45.33   N/A 

 
-42-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 56/241

Table of Contents

  

Three Months
Ended

March 31,
2018   

Year
Ended

December 31,
2017  

Pro forma combined equivalent data(a):   
Net income attributable to combined company per basic share  $ 0.20  $ 12.14 
Net income attributable to combined company per diluted share   0.20   12.02 
Cash dividends declared per share   0.86   2.84 
Net book value per share   84.77   N/A 
 
(a) Determined using the pro forma combined per share data multiplied by 1.87 (the exchange ratio of an Andeavor share for an MPC share).

 
-43-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 57/241

Table of Contents

COMPARATIVE PER SHARE MARKET PRICE AND DIVIDEND INFORMATION

MPC Market Price and Dividend Information

MPC common stock is listed on the NYSE under the symbol “MPC.” The following table sets forth the high and low prices per share for MPC
common stock for the periods indicated and the cash dividends per share declared with respect to MPC common stock in the periods indicated, in
each case rounded to the nearest whole cent. MPC’s fiscal year ends on December 31.
 

   High ($)   Low ($)   Dividend ($)* 
2016:       
First Quarter    52.83    29.24    .32 
Second Quarter    43.26    32.02    .32 
Third Quarter    44.56    35.16    .36 
Fourth Quarter    51.15    40.01    .36 
2017:       
First Quarter    54.59    46.88    .36 
Second Quarter    55.20    47.78    .36 
Third Quarter    56.81    49.30    .40 
Fourth Quarter    67.07    55.25    .40 
2018:       
First Quarter    74.92    61.46    .46 
Second Quarter    83.33    69.03    .46 
Third Quarter (through August 2, 2018)    82.61    68.18    .46 

 
(*) The amount of the dividend shown in this column with respect to each fiscal quarter is the dividend that was declared in such quarter, which

may be different from the dividend subsequently declared in respect of earnings for such fiscal quarter.

You should obtain current market quotations for shares of MPC common stock, as the market price of MPC common stock will fluctuate between
the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus and the date on which the merger is completed, at times in between and thereafter. You can obtain
these quotations from publicly available sources.

The declaration of dividends, whether before or after the merger, is at the discretion of the MPC board. The MPC board periodically reviews the
MPC dividend policy based upon MPC’s financial results and cash flow projections. Decisions regarding whether or not to pay dividends and the
amount of any dividends are determined after consideration of various factors, including earnings, cash requirements, the financial condition of
MPC, the DGCL, limitations under MPC’s debt arrangements, the merger agreement, government regulations and other factors deemed relevant by
the MPC board.

Under the merger agreement, MPC has agreed that, until the completion of the merger, it will not declare, set aside, make or pay any dividend or
other distribution in respect of any of its capital stock, except for regular quarterly cash dividends to the holders of shares of MPC common stock in
an amount not in excess of $0.46 per share per quarter.

Andeavor Market Price and Dividend Information

Andeavor common stock is listed on the NYSE under the symbol “ANDV.” The following table sets forth the high and low prices per share for
Andeavor common stock for the periods indicated and the regular cash

 
-44-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 58/241

Table of Contents

dividends per share declared with respect to Andeavor common stock in the periods indicated, in each case rounded to the nearest whole cent.
Andeavor’s fiscal year ends on December 31.
 

   High ($)    Low ($)    Dividend ($)* 
2016:       
First Quarter    109.24    67.80    .50 
Second Quarter    87.85    70.78    .50 
Third Quarter    84.89    69.49    .55 
Fourth Quarter    93.06    78.32    .55 
2017:       
First Quarter    91.37    79.10    .55 
Second Quarter    95.11    75.11    .55 
Third Quarter    105.63    91.82    .59 
Fourth Quarter    116.06    102.29    .59 
2018:       
First Quarter    121.71    89.58    .59 
Second Quarter    151.89    98.40    .59 
Third Quarter (through August 2, 2018)    152.97    129.76   

 
* The amount of the dividend shown in this column with respect to each fiscal quarter is the dividend that was declared in such quarter, which

may be different from the dividend subsequently declared in respect of earnings for such fiscal quarter.

You should obtain current market quotations for shares of Andeavor common stock, as the market price of Andeavor common stock will fluctuate
between the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus and the date on which the merger is completed, at times in between and thereafter. You
can obtain these quotations from publicly available sources.

The declaration of dividends is at the discretion of the Andeavor board. The Andeavor board periodically reviews the Andeavor dividend policy
based upon Andeavor’s financial results and cash flow projections. Decisions regarding whether or not to pay dividends and the amount of any
dividends are determined after consideration of various factors, including earnings, cash requirements, the financial condition of Andeavor, the
DGCL, limitations under Andeavor’s debt arrangements, the merger agreement, government regulations and other factors deemed relevant by the
Andeavor board.

Under the merger agreement, Andeavor has agreed that, until the completion of the merger, it will not declare, set aside, make or pay any dividend
or other distribution in respect of any of its capital stock, except for regular quarterly cash dividends to the holders of shares of Andeavor common
stock in an amount not in excess of $0.59 per share.

Comparison of MPC and Andeavor Market Prices and Implied Value of Share Value of the Stock Consideration

The following table sets forth the closing sale price per share of MPC common stock and Andeavor common stock as reported on the NYSE on
April 27, 2018, the last trading day prior to the public announcement of the merger, and on August 2, 2018, the last practicable trading day before
the filing of this joint proxy statement/prospectus with the SEC. The table also shows the estimated implied value of the stock consideration
proposed for each share of Andeavor common stock as of the same two dates. This implied value was calculated by multiplying the closing price of
a share of MPC common stock on the relevant date by the exchange ratio of 1.87 shares of MPC common stock for each share of Andeavor
common stock. The value of the cash

 
-45-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 59/241

Table of Contents

consideration will be $152.27 irrespective of the price per share of MPC common stock as of any date following the signing of the merger
agreement on April 29, 2018.
 

   
MPC

Common Stock   
Andeavor

Common Stock   

Implied Per
Share Value

of Stock
Consideration 

April 27, 2018    $81.43   $ 122.38   $ 152.27 
August 2, 2018    $79.73   $ 148.45   $ 149.10 

The market prices of MPC common stock and Andeavor common stock, have fluctuated since the date of the announcement of the merger
agreement and will continue to fluctuate prior to, and in the case of MPC common stock, after, completion of the merger. No assurance can be
given concerning the market prices of MPC common stock or Andeavor common stock before completion of the merger or of MPC common stock
after completion of the merger. The exchange ratio is fixed in the merger agreement, but the market price of MPC common stock (and therefore the
value of the stock consideration) when received by Andeavor stockholders after the merger is completed could be greater than, less than or the
same as shown in the table above. Accordingly, these comparisons may not provide meaningful information to Andeavor stockholders in
determining whether to approve the Andeavor merger proposal or whether to elect to receive cash consideration or stock consideration, or to MPC
stockholders in determining whether to vote to approve the MPC issuance proposal. MPC and Andeavor stockholders are encouraged to obtain
current market quotations for MPC common stock and Andeavor common stock and to review carefully the other information contained in this
joint proxy statement/prospectus or incorporated by reference herein. For more information, see the section entitled “Where You Can Find More
Information” beginning on page 236.

 
-46-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 60/241

Table of Contents

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This registration statement on Form S-4, of which this joint proxy statement/prospectus forms a part, and the documents to which Andeavor and
MPC refer you in this registration statement, of which this joint proxy statement/prospectus forms a part, as well as oral statements made or to be made
by Andeavor and MPC, include certain “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of, and subject to the safe harbor created by, Section 27A of
the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Exchange Act, which are referred to as the safe harbor provisions. Words such as “anticipate,”
“assume,” “believe,” “build,” “continue,” “create,” “design,” “estimate,” “expect,” “focus,” “forecast,” “future,” “goal,” “guidance,” “imply,” “intend,”
“look,” “objective,” “opportunity,” “outlook,” “plan,” “position,” “potential,” “predict,” “project,” “prospective,” “pursue,” “seek,” “strategy,” “target,”
“work,” “could,” “may,” “should,” “would,” “will” or the negative of such terms or other variations thereof and words and terms of similar substance
used in connection with any discussion of future plans, actions, or events identify forward-looking statements with respect to the businesses, strategies
and plans of Andeavor and MPC, their expectations relating to the merger and their future financial condition and performance. MPC and Andeavor
caution investors that any forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results and future trends to differ
materially from those matters expressed in or implied by such forward-looking statements. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on
forward-looking statements. Among the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from those described in forward-looking
statements are the following:
 

 •  the risk that the merger agreement may be terminated in accordance with its terms and that the merger may not be completed;
 

 •  the possibility that MPC stockholders may not approve the issuance of shares of MPC common stock in connection with the merger;
 

 •  the possibility that Andeavor stockholders may not adopt the merger agreement;
 

 •  the risk that the parties may not be able to satisfy any of the conditions to the completion of the merger in a timely manner or at all;
 

 
•  the risk that the merger may not be accretive, and may be dilutive, to MPC’s earnings per share, which may negatively affect the market

price of shares of MPC common stock;
 

 
•  the possibility that MPC and Andeavor will incur significant transaction and other costs in connection with the merger, which may be in

excess of those anticipated by MPC or Andeavor;
 

 •  the risk that MPC may fail to realize the benefits expected from the merger;
 

 
•  the risk that the combined company may be unable to achieve cost-cutting synergies or that it may take longer than expected to achieve

those synergies;
 

 •  the risk that the combined company may not buy back shares or may not buy back shares at the times and on the terms expected;
 

 
•  the risk that any announcements relating to, or the completion of, the merger could have adverse effects on the market price of MPC

common stock;
 

 •  the risk related to any unforeseen liability of Andeavor;
 

 
•  the risk that the merger and its announcement and/or completion could have an adverse effect on the ability of MPC and Andeavor to retain

customers and retain and hire key personnel and maintain relationships with their suppliers and customers;
 

 
•  the risk of any changes in general economic, market or business conditions, or changes in the economic or financial condition of MPC and

Andeavor; and
 

 •  the risks to their operating results and businesses generally.
 

-47-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 61/241

Table of Contents

Such factors are difficult to predict and in many cases may be beyond the control of MPC and Andeavor. MPC’s and Andeavor’s forward-looking
statements are based on assumptions that MPC and Andeavor, respectively, believe to be reasonable but that may not prove to be accurate.
Consequently, all of the forward-looking statements MPC and Andeavor make in this document are qualified by the information contained or
incorporated by reference herein, including the information contained under this heading and the information detailed in MPC’s Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017 and MPC’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2018, and
in Andeavor’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017 and Andeavor’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
quarterly period ended March 31, 2018. See the section entitled “Where You Can Find More Information” beginning on page 236.

MPC and Andeavor undertake no obligation to publicly release the result of any revisions to any such forward-looking statements that may be
made to reflect events or circumstances that occur, or which they become aware of, except as required by applicable law or regulation. Readers are
cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof.
 

-48-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 62/241

Table of Contents

RISK FACTORS

In addition to the other information contained in or incorporated by reference herein, including the matters addressed in the section entitled
“Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” beginning on page 47, Andeavor stockholders should carefully consider the following
risks before deciding how to vote with respect to the proposals to be considered and voted on at the Andeavor special meeting, and MPC stockholders
should carefully consider the following risks before deciding how to vote with respect to the proposals to be considered and voted on at the MPC special
meeting. Andeavor and MPC stockholders should also consider the other information in this joint proxy statement/prospectus and the other documents
incorporated by reference herein, particularly the risk factors contained in MPC’s and Andeavor’s Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports
on Form 10-Q. See the section entitled “Where You Can Find More Information” beginning on page 236.

Risks Relating to the Merger

Because the market price of shares of MPC common stock may fluctuate, Andeavor stockholders cannot be certain of the precise value of any stock
consideration they may receive in the merger.

At the time the merger is completed, each issued and outstanding share of Andeavor common stock (other than excluded shares as defined in the
section entitled “The Merger—Consideration to Andeavor Stockholders” beginning on page 78) will be converted into the right to receive either the cash
consideration of $152.27, if the Andeavor stockholder makes a cash election, or the stock consideration of 1.87 shares of MPC common stock, if the
Andeavor stockholder makes or is deemed to have made a stock election. Both the cash election and the stock election are subject to the allocation and
proration procedures set forth in the merger agreement. The exchange ratio for the stock consideration is fixed, and there will be no adjustment to the
stock consideration for changes in the market price of shares of MPC common stock or Andeavor common stock prior to the completion of the merger.
If the merger is completed, there will be a time lapse between each of the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, the dates on which Andeavor
stockholders vote to approve the Andeavor merger proposal at the Andeavor special meeting and MPC stockholders vote to approve the MPC issuance
proposal at the MPC special meeting, and the date on which Andeavor stockholders entitled to receive the stock consideration actually receive such
stock consideration. The market value of shares of MPC common stock may fluctuate during and after these periods as a result of a variety of factors
(many of which are outside of MPC’s or Andeavor’s control), including general market and economic conditions, changes in MPC’s businesses,
operations and prospects and regulatory considerations. Such factors are difficult to predict and in many cases may be beyond the control of MPC and
Andeavor. Consequently, at the time Andeavor stockholders must decide whether to adopt the merger agreement, and make their elections to receive the
cash consideration or stock consideration, they will not know the actual market value of any stock consideration they will receive when the merger is
completed. The actual value of any stock consideration received by Andeavor stockholders at the completion of the merger will depend on the market
value of the shares of MPC common stock at that time. This market value may differ, possibly materially, from the market value of shares of MPC
common stock at the time the merger agreement was entered into or at any other time. Andeavor stockholders should obtain current stock quotations for
shares of MPC common stock before voting their shares of Andeavor common stock. For additional information about the Andeavor per share merger
consideration, see the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Merger Consideration” beginning on page 155.

The value of the cash consideration and the stock consideration may differ considerably.

Since the cash consideration is a fixed amount of $152.27 and the market value of the stock consideration will continuously change with the
market price for MPC common stock, it is possible that, at the time of the MPC special meeting, the election deadline, the effective time of the first
merger and/or any other time, the cash consideration could be worth more, less or the same amount as the stock consideration. Further, because you will
not be able to change your election after the election deadline (and because of the allocation and proration
 

-49-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 63/241

Table of Contents

procedures discussed below), you may receive per share merger consideration that is worth less than the other per share merger consideration you could
have elected, even if the per share merger consideration you elected to receive is worth more at the election deadline than the per share merger
consideration you actually receive. Additionally, since cash elections are subject to proration, in the event the cash consideration is worth more than the
stock consideration, Andeavor stockholders may not be able to realize the excess of such difference even if they make a cash election with respect to all
of their shares of Andeavor common stock. Similarly, since stock elections are subject to proration, in the event the stock consideration is worth more
than the cash consideration, Andeavor stockholders may not be able to realize the excess of such difference even if they make a stock election with
respect to all of their shares of Andeavor common stock.

The market price of shares of MPC common stock will continue to fluctuate after the merger.

Upon completion of the merger, holders of Andeavor common stock who receive stock consideration will become holders of shares of MPC
common stock. The market price of shares of MPC common stock may fluctuate significantly following completion of the merger and holders of
Andeavor common stock could lose some or all of the value of their investment in MPC common stock. In addition, the stock market has experienced
significant price and volume fluctuations in recent times which, if they continue to occur, could have a material adverse effect on the market for, or
liquidity of, the MPC common stock, regardless of MPC’s actual operating performance.

Andeavor stockholders may receive a form of consideration different from what they elect.

Although each Andeavor stockholder may elect, for each share of Andeavor common stock he or she owns that is issued and outstanding as of
immediately prior to the effective time of the first merger (other than excluded shares as defined in the section entitled “The Merger—Consideration to
Andeavor Stockholders” beginning on page 78), to receive the cash consideration or the stock consideration in the first merger, the aggregate amounts of
cash consideration and stock consideration to be paid in the first merger are subject to the allocation and proration procedures set forth in the merger
agreement to ensure that the total number of shares of Andeavor stock converted into the right to receive the cash consideration in the first merger will
be fixed at 22,885,359 shares of Andeavor stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the first merger. As a result, if Andeavor
stockholders make a cash election in respect of more than the cash election number of shares of Andeavor common stock, which is referred to as an
oversubscription of the cash election, Andeavor stockholders who have elected cash consideration will receive stock consideration in exchange for some
or all of the shares of Andeavor common stock in respect of which they have made cash elections. Similarly, if Andeavor stockholders make a stock
election in respect of more than the total number of shares of Andeavor common stock to be converted in connection with the merger less the cash
election number, which is referred to as an oversubscription of the stock election, Andeavor stockholders who have elected stock consideration will
receive cash consideration in exchange for some or all of the shares of Andeavor common stock in respect of which they have made stock elections. In
some cases, due to rounding, the pro rata portion held by a particular holder may be zero, such that none of such shares of Andeavor common stock held
by such holder will be converted into the right to receive either the cash or stock consideration, as applicable. The receipt of a form of consideration
other than that elected by an Andeavor stockholder could result in, among other things, tax consequences that differ from those that would have resulted
if such stockholders had received the form of consideration that they had elected. For a more detailed description of how the allocation and proration
procedures would work in the event that there is an oversubscription of either the cash election or the stock election, see the section entitled “The
Merger Agreement—Merger Consideration” beginning on page 155.

After an Andeavor stockholder has made an election in respect of his or her shares of Andeavor common stock, he or she will not be able to sell
those shares unless he or she revokes his or her election prior to the election deadline or the merger agreement is terminated.

To be effective, a form of election must be properly completed, signed and submitted to the exchange agent by 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time on the
business day that is two trading days prior to the closing date for the first
 

-50-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 64/241

Table of Contents

merger, or such other date and time as MPC may publicly announce with the consent of Andeavor. The closing date of the first merger will be publicly
announced by MPC at least four business days prior to the anticipated closing date of the first merger. After an Andeavor stockholder has submitted a
form of election, under the terms of the election, he or she will not be able to sell any Andeavor shares covered by his or her form of election, regardless
of whether those Andeavor shares are held in certificated or book-entry form, unless he or she revokes his or her election before the deadline by written
notice received by the exchange agent prior to the election deadline. While the parties have agreed to establish an election deadline that is a relatively
short time before the anticipated completion date of the first merger, there can be no assurance that unforeseen circumstances will not cause the
completion of the first merger to be delayed after the deadline has been established.

Andeavor stockholders will have a reduced ownership and voting interest in the combined company after the merger and will exercise less influence
over management.

Currently, Andeavor stockholders have the right to vote in the election of the Andeavor board and the power to approve or reject any matters
requiring stockholder approval under Delaware law and Andeavor’s certificate of incorporation and bylaws. Upon completion of the merger, each
Andeavor stockholder who receives shares of MPC common stock in the merger will become a stockholder of MPC with a percentage ownership of
MPC that is smaller than the Andeavor stockholder’s current percentage ownership of Andeavor. Based on the number of issued and outstanding shares
of MPC common stock and shares of Andeavor common stock as of April 26, 2018 and on the exchange ratio of 1.87, with 22,885,359 shares of
Andeavor common stock in the aggregate converted into the right to receive cash consideration, after the merger, Andeavor stockholders are expected to
become owners of approximately 34% of the outstanding shares of MPC common stock, without giving effect to any shares of MPC common stock held
by Andeavor stockholders prior to the completion of the merger. Even if all former Andeavor stockholders voted together on all matters presented to
MPC stockholders from time to time, the former Andeavor stockholders would exercise significantly less influence over MPC after the completion of
the merger relative to their influence over Andeavor prior to the completion of the merger, and thus would have a less significant impact on the election
of the MPC board and on the approval or rejection of future MPC proposals submitted to a stockholder vote.

Shares of MPC common stock received by Andeavor stockholders as a result of the merger will have different rights from shares of Andeavor
common stock.

Upon completion of the merger, Andeavor stockholders will no longer be stockholders of Andeavor, and Andeavor stockholders who receive
stock consideration will become stockholders of MPC. There will be important differences between the current rights of Andeavor stockholders and the
rights to which such stockholders will be entitled as stockholders of MPC. See the section entitled “Comparison of Stockholders’ Rights” beginning on
page 209 for a discussion of the different rights associated with the shares of MPC common stock.

The market price of shares of MPC common stock may be affected by factors different from those that historically have affected shares of Andeavor
common stock.

Upon completion of the merger, holders of Andeavor common stock who receive stock consideration will become holders of MPC common stock.
The businesses of MPC differ from those of Andeavor in certain respects, and, accordingly, the financial position or results of operations and/or cash
flows of MPC after the merger, as well as the market price of shares of MPC common stock, may be affected by factors different from those currently
affecting the financial position or results of operations and/or cash flows of Andeavor. Following the completion of the merger, Andeavor will be part of
a larger company with other lines of business and a broader geographic footprint, so decisions affecting Andeavor may be made in respect of the larger
combined business as a whole rather than the Andeavor businesses individually. For a discussion of the businesses of MPC and Andeavor and of some
important factors to consider in connection with those businesses, see the section entitled “Information About the Companies” beginning on page 61,
and the documents incorporated by reference
 

-51-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 65/241

Table of Contents

in the section entitled “Where You Can Find More Information” beginning on page 236, including, in particular, in the sections entitled “Risk Factors” in
each of MPC’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, Andeavor’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2017 and Andeavor’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2018.

The merger agreement limits MPC’s ability and Andeavor’s ability to pursue alternatives to the merger.

The merger agreement contains provisions that may discourage a third party from submitting an acquisition proposal to MPC or Andeavor that
might result in greater value to MPC’s or Andeavor’s respective stockholders than the merger, or may result in a potential acquirer of MPC, or a
potential competing acquirer of Andeavor, proposing to pay a lower per share price to acquire MPC or Andeavor, respectively, than it might otherwise
have proposed to pay. These provisions include a general prohibition on MPC and Andeavor from soliciting or, subject to certain exceptions relating to
the exercise of fiduciary duties by the MPC board or the Andeavor board, entering into discussions with any third party regarding any acquisition
proposal or offer for a competing transaction. Andeavor also has an unqualified obligation to submit the Andeavor merger proposal to a vote by its
stockholders, even if Andeavor receives an alternative acquisition proposal that the Andeavor board believes is superior to the merger, and MPC has an
unqualified obligation to submit the MPC issuance proposal to a vote by its stockholders, even if MPC receives an alternative acquisition proposal that
the MPC board believes is superior to the merger, in each case unless Andeavor or MPC, as applicable, terminates the merger agreement in accordance
with its terms prior to such time. See the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Termination” beginning on page 181.

The merger agreement may be terminated in accordance with its terms and the merger may not be completed.

The merger agreement is subject to a number of conditions that must be fulfilled in order to complete the merger. Those conditions include, among
others: the adoption of the merger agreement by Andeavor stockholders, the approval by MPC stockholders of the issuance of shares of MPC common
stock in connection with the merger, the approval to list MPC common stock issuable in connection with the merger on the NYSE, the expiration or
termination of the waiting period applicable to the merger under the HSR Act, as well as the satisfaction of all approvals, notices or other requirements
under other antitrust laws, without the imposition of a burdensome condition (as defined in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Reasonable
Best Efforts; Regulatory Filings and Other Actions—Burdensome Condition” beginning on page 175 and in the merger agreement), the absence of any
governmental order or law prohibiting the consummation of the merger, effectiveness of the registration statement of which this joint proxy
statement/prospectus forms a part, the accuracy of representations and warranties under the merger agreement (subject to the materiality standards set
forth in the merger agreement), MPC’s and Andeavor’s performance of their respective obligations under the merger agreement in all material respects,
the absence of a material adverse effect for MPC (as described in the merger agreement), the absence of a material adverse effect for Andeavor (as
described in the merger agreement) and Andeavor’s receipt of a written opinion of Sullivan & Cromwell LLP (or another nationally recognized law firm
selected by Andeavor) regarding the U.S. federal income tax treatment of the transaction. These conditions to the closing of the merger may not be
fulfilled in a timely manner or at all, and, accordingly, the merger may be delayed or may not be completed.

In addition, if the merger is not completed by April 29, 2019, either MPC or Andeavor may choose not to proceed with the merger, and the parties
can mutually decide to terminate the merger agreement at any time, before or after stockholder approval. In addition, MPC and Andeavor may elect to
terminate the merger agreement in certain other circumstances. See the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Termination” beginning on page 181.
 

-52-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 66/241

Table of Contents

Failure to complete the merger could negatively impact the price of shares of MPC common stock and the price of shares of Andeavor common
stock, as well as MPC’s and Andeavor’s respective future businesses and financial results.

The merger agreement contains a number of conditions that must be satisfied or waived prior to the completion of the merger. There can be no
assurance that all of the conditions to the merger will be so satisfied or waived. If the conditions to the merger are not satisfied or waived, MPC and
Andeavor will be unable to complete the merger and the merger agreement may be terminated.

If the merger is not completed for any reason, including the failure to receive the required approvals of MPC’s and Andeavor’s respective
stockholders, MPC’s and Andeavor’s respective businesses and financial results may be adversely affected as follows:
 

 
•  MPC and Andeavor may experience negative reactions from the financial markets, including negative impacts on the market price of shares

of MPC common stock and Andeavor common stock;
 

 
•  the manner in which customers, vendors, business partners and other third parties perceive MPC and Andeavor may be negatively impacted,

which in turn could affect MPC’s and Andeavor’s marketing operations or their ability to compete for new business or obtain renewals in the
marketplace more broadly;

 

 •  MPC and Andeavor may experience negative reactions from employees; and
 

 
•  MPC and Andeavor will have expended time and resources that could otherwise have been spent on MPC’s and Andeavor’s existing

businesses and the pursuit of other opportunities that could have been beneficial to each company, and MPC’s and Andeavor’s ongoing
business and financial results may be adversely affected.

In addition to the above risks, if the merger agreement is terminated and either party’s board seeks an alternative transaction, such party’s
stockholders cannot be certain that such party will be able to find a party willing to engage in a transaction on more attractive terms than the merger. If
the merger agreement is terminated under specified circumstances, either MPC or Andeavor may be required to pay the other party a termination fee,
reverse termination fee or other termination-related payment. See the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Termination” beginning on page 181 for
a description of these circumstances.

Required regulatory approvals may impose conditions that are not presently anticipated or cannot be met. In addition, an adverse outcome of any
antitrust or similar review undertaken by a governmental authority could prevent the merger from being completed or have an adverse effect on
MPC following the merger.

Completion of the merger is conditioned upon the approval by the NYSE of the listing of the shares of MPC
common stock to be issued in the merger upon official notice of issuance and the expiration or termination of the
waiting period applicable to the merger under the HSR Act.

The waiting period applicable to the merger under the HSR Act expired on July 2, 2018.

Even though the waiting period expired under the HSR Act, the FTC or the Antitrust Division of the DOJ could take action under antitrust laws to
prevent or rescind the merger, require the divestiture of assets, impose conditions on the completion of the merger or require changes to the terms of the
merger or merger agreement. Such conditions or changes and the process of obtaining regulatory approvals could have the effect of delaying or
impeding completion of the merger or of imposing additional costs or limitations on MPC following completion of the merger, any of which might have
an adverse effect on MPC following completion of the merger. Additionally, state attorneys general could seek to block or challenge the merger as they
deem necessary or desirable in the public interest at any time, including after completion of the merger. In addition, in some circumstances, a third party
could initiate a private action under antitrust laws challenging or seeking to enjoin the merger, before or after it is completed.
 

-53-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 67/241

Table of Contents

The obligation of each of MPC and Andeavor to effect the merger is also subject to obtaining regulatory approval in Canada. On June 1, 2018,
MPC and Andeavor submitted notifications and an application for Competition Bureau of Canada clearance of the merger and the parties received the
necessary regulatory clearance in Canada on June 16, 2018.

MPC and Andeavor will be subject to business uncertainties while the merger is pending, which could adversely affect their respective businesses.

Uncertainty about the effect of the merger on employees and customers may have an adverse effect on MPC and Andeavor. These uncertainties
may impair MPC’s and Andeavor’s ability to attract, retain and motivate key personnel until the merger is completed and for a period of time thereafter,
and could cause customers and others that deal with MPC and Andeavor to seek to change their existing business relationships with MPC and Andeavor,
respectively. Employee retention at Andeavor may be particularly challenging during the pendency of the merger, as employees may experience
uncertainty about their roles with MPC following the merger. In addition, the merger agreement restricts MPC and Andeavor from entering into certain
corporate transactions and taking other specified actions without the consent of the other party, and generally requires Andeavor to continue its
operations in the ordinary course, until completion of the merger. These restrictions may prevent MPC and Andeavor from pursuing attractive business
opportunities that may arise prior to the completion of the merger. Please see the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Interim Operations of
Andeavor and MPC Pending the Merger,” beginning on page 165, for a description of the restrictive covenants to which MPC and Andeavor are
subject.

Directors and executive officers of Andeavor may have interests in the merger that are different from, or in addition to, the interests of Andeavor
stockholders.

Directors and executive officers of Andeavor may have interests in the merger that are different from, or in addition to, the interests of Andeavor
stockholders generally. These interests include, among others, the treatment of outstanding equity and equity-based awards pursuant to the merger
agreement; potential severance and other benefits upon a qualifying termination in connection with the merger; MPC’s agreement to nominate four
current members of the Andeavor board for election as directors of MPC, with terms commencing upon the completion of the merger; and rights to
ongoing indemnification and insurance coverage. These interests are described in more detail in the section entitled “The Merger—Interests of Andeavor
Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger” beginning on page 146.

The merger may not be accretive, and may be dilutive, to MPC’s earnings per share and cash flow from operations per share, which may negatively
affect the market price of shares of MPC common stock.

The merger may not be accretive, and may be dilutive, to MPC’s earnings per share and cash flow from operations per share. Earnings per share
and cash flow from operations per share in the future are based on preliminary estimates that may materially change. In addition, future events and
conditions could decrease or delay any accretion, result in dilution or cause greater dilution than is currently expected, including:
 

 •  adverse changes in energy market conditions;
 

 •  commodity prices for oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids;
 

 •  production levels;
 

 •  operating results;
 

 •  competitive conditions;
 

 •  laws and regulations affecting the energy business;
 

 •  capital expenditure obligations;
 

 •  higher than expected integration costs;
 

-54-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 68/241

Table of Contents

 •  lower than expected synergies; and
 

 •  general economic conditions.

Any dilution of, or decrease or delay of any accretion to, MPC’s earnings per share or cash flow from operations per share could cause the price of
MPC’s common stock to decline.

MPC and Andeavor will incur significant transaction and merger-related costs in connection with the merger, which may be in excess of those
anticipated by MPC or Andeavor.

Each of MPC and Andeavor has incurred and will incur substantial expenses in connection with the negotiation and completion of the transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement, including the costs and expenses of filing, printing and mailing this joint proxy statement/prospectus and all
filing and other fees paid to the SEC in connection with the merger.

MPC and Andeavor expect to continue to incur a number of non-recurring costs associated with completing the merger, combining the operations
of the two companies and achieving desired synergies. These fees and costs have been, and will continue to be, substantial. The substantial majority of
non-recurring expenses will consist of transaction costs related to the merger and include, among others, employee retention costs, fees paid to financial,
legal and accounting advisors, severance and benefit costs and filing fees.

MPC and Andeavor will also incur transaction fees and costs related to formulating and implementing integration plans, including facilities and
systems consolidation costs and employment-related costs. MPC and Andeavor will continue to assess the magnitude of these costs, and additional
unanticipated costs may be incurred in the merger and the integration of the two companies’ businesses. Although MPC and Andeavor each expects that
the elimination of duplicative costs, as well as the realization of other efficiencies related to the integration of the businesses, should allow MPC and
Andeavor to offset integration-related costs over time, this net benefit may not be achieved in the near term, or at all. See the risk factor entitled “The
integration of Andeavor into MPC may not be as successful as anticipated” below.

The costs described above, as well as other unanticipated costs and expenses, could have a material adverse effect on the financial condition and
operating results of MPC following the completion of the merger.

Many of these costs will be borne by MPC and/or Andeavor even if the merger is not completed.

Lawsuits have been filed against Andeavor and the members of the Andeavor Board challenging the adequacy of the disclosures made in the joint
proxy statement/prospectus and an adverse ruling in one or more of these lawsuits may prevent the merger from being completed.

As of July 17, 2018, Andeavor and the members of the Andeavor board have been named as defendants in six purported stockholder class actions
challenging the adequacy of the disclosures to Andeavor stockholders made in the joint proxy statement/prospectus. Two complaints were filed in the
U.S. District Court for the Western District of Texas and the other four complaints were filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware.

Additional lawsuits arising out of the merger may be filed in the future. There can be no assurance that any of the defendants will be successful in
the outcome of the pending or any potential future lawsuits. A preliminary injunction could delay or jeopardize the completion of the merger, and an
adverse judgment granting permanent injunctive relief could indefinitely enjoin the completion of the merger.
 

-55-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 69/241

Table of Contents

The opinions of MPC’s and Andeavor’s respective financial advisors will not reflect changes in circumstances between the signing of the merger
agreement and the completion of the merger.

MPC and Andeavor have received opinions from their respective financial advisors in connection with the signing of the merger agreement, but
have not requested or obtained, and do not intend to request, updated opinions from their respective financial advisors as of the date of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. Changes in the operations and prospects of MPC or Andeavor, general market and economic conditions and other factors that may
be beyond the control of MPC or Andeavor, and on which MPC’s and Andeavor’s financial advisors’ opinions were based, may significantly alter the
value of MPC or Andeavor or the prices of the shares of MPC common stock or of the shares of Andeavor common stock by the time the merger is
completed. The opinions do not speak as of the time the merger will be completed or as of any date other than the dates referenced in such opinions.
Because MPC and Andeavor do not currently anticipate asking their respective financial advisors to update their opinions, the opinions will not address
the fairness of the per share merger consideration or aggregate merger consideration, as applicable, from a financial point of view at the time the merger
is completed. The MPC board’s recommendation that MPC stockholders vote “FOR” approval of the MPC issuance proposal and the other merger-
related matters and the Andeavor board’s recommendation that Andeavor stockholders vote “FOR” adoption of the merger agreement and the other
merger-related matters, however, is made as of the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus. For a description of the opinions that MPC and
Andeavor received from their respective financial advisors, please see the sections entitled “The Merger—Opinion of Barclays, MPC’s Financial
Advisor” and “The Merger—Opinion of Goldman Sachs, Andeavor’s Financial Advisor” beginning on pages 93 and 124, respectively. A copy of the
opinion of Barclays, MPC’s financial advisor, is attached as Annex C to this joint proxy statement/prospectus, and a copy of the opinion of Goldman
Sachs, Andeavor’s financial advisor, is attached as Annex D to this joint proxy statement/prospectus, and each is incorporated by reference herein in its
entirety.

Completion of the merger may trigger change in control or other provisions in certain agreements to which Andeavor is a party.

The completion of the merger may trigger change in control or other provisions in certain agreements to which Andeavor is a party. If MPC and
Andeavor are unable to negotiate waivers of those provisions, the counterparties may exercise their rights and remedies under the agreements,
potentially terminating the agreements or seeking monetary damages. Even if MPC and Andeavor are able to negotiate waivers, the counterparties may
require a fee for such waivers or seek to renegotiate the agreements on terms less favorable to Andeavor.

The combined company’s debt may limit its financial flexibility.

As of March 31, 2018, MPC had approximately $17.8 billion of outstanding indebtedness, including approximately $12.4 billion of obligations of
MPLX. As of March 31, 2018, Andeavor had approximately $8.8 billion of outstanding indebtedness, including approximately $4.2 billion of
obligations of Andeavor Logistics. MPC continues to review the treatment of its and Andeavor’s existing indebtedness and MPC may seek to repay,
refinance, repurchase, redeem, exchange or otherwise terminate its or Andeavor’s existing indebtedness prior to, in connection with or following the
completion of the merger. If MPC does seek to refinance its or Andeavor’s existing indebtedness, there can be no guarantee that MPC would be able to
execute the refinancing on favorable terms or at all. Assuming MPC does not repay, repurchase, redeem, exchange or otherwise terminate any of its or
Andeavor’s existing indebtedness, immediately following the completion of the merger, MPC is expected to have outstanding indebtedness of
approximately $27.7 billion, based on MPC’s and Andeavor’s outstanding indebtedness as of March 31, 2018.

Any increase in MPC’s indebtedness could have adverse effects on its financial condition and results of operations, including:
 

 •  increasing MPC’s vulnerability to changing economic, regulatory and industry conditions;
 

-56-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 70/241

Table of Contents

 •  limiting MPC’s ability to compete and MPC’s flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in its business and the industry;
 

 •  limiting MPC’s ability to pay dividends to its stockholders;
 

 •  limiting MPC’s ability to borrow additional funds; and
 

 
•  requiring MPC to dedicate a substantial portion of its cash flow from operations to payments on its debt, thereby reducing funds available

for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, share repurchases, dividends and other purposes.

In addition, in connection with executing MPC’s business strategies following the merger, MPC expects to continue to evaluate the possibility of
acquiring additional assets and making further strategic investments, and MPC may elect to finance these endeavors by incurring additional
indebtedness.

MPC’s ability to arrange any additional financing for the purposes described above or otherwise will depend on, among other factors, the
company’s financial position and performance, as well as prevailing market conditions and other factors beyond MPC’s control. MPC cannot assure you
that it will be able to obtain such financing on terms acceptable to MPC or at all.

The unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated combined financial information and unaudited forecasted financial information included in this
joint proxy statement/prospectus is presented for illustrative purposes only and does not represent the actual financial position or results of
operations of the combined company following the completion of the merger. Future results of MPC or Andeavor may differ, possibly materially,
from the unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated combined financial information and unaudited forecasted financial information presented in
this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

The unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated combined financial statements and unaudited forecasted financial information contained in this
joint proxy statement/prospectus is presented for illustrative purposes only, contains a variety of adjustments, assumptions and preliminary estimates and
does not represent the actual financial position or results of operations of MPC and Andeavor prior to the merger or that of the combined company
following the merger for several reasons. Specifically, we have not completed the detailed valuation analyses to arrive at the final estimates of the fair
values of the assets to be acquired and liabilities to be assumed and the related allocation of purchase price and the unaudited pro forma condensed
consolidated combined financial statements do not reflect the effects of transaction-related costs and integration costs. See the sections entitled
“Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Consolidated Combined Financial Statements,” and “Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Consolidated
Combined Financial Statements” beginning on pages 192 and 197, respectively. In addition, the merger and post-merger integration process may give
rise to unexpected liabilities and costs, including costs associated with the defense and resolution of transaction-related litigation or other claims.
Unexpected delays in completing the merger or in connection with the post-merger integration process may significantly increase the related costs and
expenses incurred by MPC. The actual financial positions and results of operations of MPC and Andeavor prior to the merger and that of the combined
company following the merger may be different, possibly materially, from the unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated combined financial
statements or forecasted financial information included in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. In addition, the assumptions used in preparing the
unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated combined financial statements and forecasted financial information included in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus may not prove to be accurate and may be affected by other factors. Any significant changes in the market price of MPC common
stock may cause a significant change in the purchase price used for MPC’s accounting purposes and the unaudited pro forma financial statements
contained in this joint proxy statement/prospectus.
 

-57-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 71/241

Table of Contents

The impact of the recent significant federal tax reform on the combined company is uncertain and may significantly affect the operations of the
combined company after the merger.

On December 22, 2017, the President signed the budget reconciliation act commonly referred to as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, which is referred to
as the TCJA, into law. The TCJA makes broad and complex changes to the U.S. tax code. The TCJA will change how the combined company’s earnings
are taxed, including, among other items, (1) reducing the U.S. federal corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 21 percent; (2) repealing the corporate
alternative minimum tax and changing how existing credits can be utilized; (3) temporarily providing for elective immediate expensing for certain
depreciable property; (4) creating a new limitation on the deductibility of interest expense; and (5) changing rules related to uses and limitations of net
operating losses created in tax years beginning after December 31, 2017. MPC and Andeavor continue to evaluate the TCJA and its impact on the
combined company’s businesses. It is possible that the TCJA will be subject to further changes either in a technical corrections bill or entirely new
legislation. The overall impact of the TCJA also depends on the future interpretations and regulations that may be issued by U.S. tax authorities. We
expect there will be further guidance provided by these authorities potentially having a material adverse effect on our combined financial condition or
results of operations. The impact of broad proposals or of regulatory issuances on our business can vary substantially depending upon the specific
changes or further guidance made and how the changes or guidance are implemented by the authorities.

The integration of Andeavor into MPC may not be as successful as anticipated.

The merger involves numerous operational, strategic, financial, accounting, legal, tax and other risks; potential liabilities associated with the
acquired businesses; and uncertainties related to design, operation and integration of Andeavor’s internal control over financial reporting. Difficulties in
integrating Andeavor into MPC may result in Andeavor performing differently than expected, in operational challenges or in the failure to realize
anticipated expense-related efficiencies. MPC’s and Andeavor’s existing businesses could also be negatively impacted by the merger. Potential
difficulties that may be encountered in the integration process include, among other factors:
 

 
•  the inability to successfully integrate the businesses of Andeavor into MPC in a manner that permits MPC to achieve the full revenue and

cost savings anticipated from the merger;
 

 •  complexities associated with managing the larger, more complex, integrated business;
 

 •  not realizing anticipated operating synergies or incurring unexpected costs to realize such synergies;
 

 •  integrating personnel from the two companies while maintaining focus on providing consistent, high-quality products and services;
 

 •  potential unknown liabilities and unforeseen expenses, delays or regulatory conditions associated with the merger;
 

 •  loss of key employees;
 

 •  integrating relationships with customers, vendors and business partners;
 

 
•  performance shortfalls at one or both of the companies as a result of the diversion of management’s attention caused by completing the

merger and integrating Andeavor’s operations into MPC; and
 

 
•  the disruption of, or the loss of momentum in, each company’s ongoing business or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and

policies.

MPC’s results may suffer if it does not effectively manage its expanded operations following the merger.

Following completion of the merger, MPC’s success will depend, in part, on its ability to manage its expansion, which poses numerous risks and
uncertainties, including the need to integrate the operations and business of Andeavor into its existing business in an efficient and timely manner, to
combine systems and management controls and to integrate relationships with customers, vendors and business partners.
 

-58-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 72/241

Table of Contents

Even if MPC and Andeavor complete the merger, MPC may fail to realize all of the anticipated benefits of the proposed merger.

The success of the proposed merger will depend, in part, on MPC’s ability to realize the anticipated benefits and cost savings from combining
MPC’s and Andeavor’s businesses, including the approximately $1 billion in annual gross, run-rate, commercial and corporate synergies that MPC
expects the combined company to realize within the first three years after the combination. The anticipated benefits and cost savings of the proposed
merger may not be realized fully or at all, may take longer to realize than expected, may require more non-recurring costs and expenditures to realize
than expected or could have other adverse effects that MPC does not currently foresee. Some of the assumptions that MPC has made, such as with
respect to anticipated: operating synergies or the costs associated with realizing such synergies; significant long-term cash flow generation; the benefit
from a substantial increase in scale and geographic diversity; complementary growth platforms for both midstream and retail businesses; positioning for
potentially significant benefits from the International Maritime Organization change in specifications for marine bunker fuel; the expansion in
opportunities for logistics growth in crude oil production basins and regions; further optimization of crude supply; and the continuation of MPC’s
investment grade credit profile, may not be realized. The integration process may, for each of MPC and Andeavor, result in the loss of key employees,
the disruption of ongoing businesses or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies. There could be potential unknown liabilities and
unforeseen expenses associated with the merger that were not discovered in the course of performing due diligence.

Uncertainties associated with the merger may cause a loss of management personnel and other employees, which could adversely affect the future
business and operations of the combined company.

MPC and Andeavor are dependent on the experience and industry knowledge of their officers and other employees to execute their business plans.
Each company’s success until the merger and the combined company’s success after the merger will depend in part upon the ability of MPC and
Andeavor to retain management personnel and other employees. Current and prospective employees of MPC and Andeavor may experience uncertainty
about their roles within the combined company following the merger, which may have an adverse effect on the ability of each of MPC and Andeavor to
attract or retain management and other personnel. Accordingly, no assurance can be given that the combined company will be able to attract or retain
management, personnel and other employees of MPC and Andeavor to the same extent that MPC and Andeavor have previously been able to attract or
retain their own employees.

The market price of shares of MPC common stock may decline in the future as a result of the sale of shares of MPC common stock held by former
Andeavor stockholders or current MPC stockholders.

Based on the number of shares of Andeavor common stock outstanding as of April 26, 2018 (other than excluded shares), MPC expects to issue
up to approximately 240 million shares of MPC common stock to Andeavor stockholders in the merger. Following their receipt of shares of MPC
common stock as stock consideration in the merger, former Andeavor stockholders may seek to sell the shares of MPC common stock delivered to them.
Other MPC stockholders may also seek to sell shares of MPC common stock held by them following, or in anticipation of, completion of the merger.
These sales (or the perception that these sales may occur), coupled with the increase in the outstanding number of shares of MPC common stock, may
affect the market for, and the market price of, MPC common stock in an adverse manner.

The combined company will record goodwill and other intangible assets that could become impaired and result in material non-cash charges to the
results of operations of the combined company in the future.

The merger will be accounted for as an acquisition by MPC in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.
Under the acquisition method of accounting, the assets and liabilities of Andeavor and its subsidiaries will be recorded, as of completion, at their
respective fair values and added to those of MPC. The reported financial condition and results of operations of MPC for periods after completion of the
 

-59-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 73/241

Table of Contents

merger will reflect Andeavor balances and results after completion of the merger, but will not be restated retroactively to reflect the historical financial
position or results of operations of Andeavor and its subsidiaries for periods prior to the merger. See the section entitled “Unaudited Pro Forma
Condensed Consolidated Combined Financial Statements” beginning on page 192.

Under the acquisition method of accounting, the total purchase price will be allocated to Andeavor’s tangible assets and liabilities and identifiable
intangible assets based on their fair values as of the date of completion of the merger. The excess of the purchase price over those fair values will be
recorded as goodwill. MPC and Andeavor expect that the merger will result in the creation of goodwill based upon the application of the acquisition
method of accounting. To the extent the value of goodwill or intangibles becomes impaired, the combined company may be required to incur material
non-cash charges relating to such impairment. The combined company’s operating results may be significantly impacted from both the impairment and
the underlying trends in the business that triggered the impairment.

Risks Relating to MPC’s Business

You should read and consider risk factors specific to MPC’s businesses that will also affect the combined company after the completion of the
merger. These risks are described in Part I, Item 1A of MPC’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, and in other
documents that are incorporated by reference herein. See the section entitled “Where You Can Find More Information” beginning on page 236 for the
location of information incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

Risks Relating to Andeavor’s Business

You should read and consider risk factors specific to Andeavor’s businesses that will also affect the combined company after the completion of the
merger. These risks are described in Part I, Item 1A of Andeavor’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, and in other
documents that are incorporated by reference herein. See the section entitled “Where You Can Find More Information” beginning on page 236 for the
location of information incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus.
 

-60-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 74/241

Table of Contents

INFORMATION ABOUT THE COMPANIES

Marathon Petroleum Corporation

539 South Main Street
Findlay, OH 45840
Phone: 419-422-2121

MPC was incorporated in Delaware on November 9, 2009 in connection with an internal restructuring of Marathon Oil Corporation. Based in
Findlay, Ohio, MPC is the nation’s second-largest refiner, with a crude oil refining capacity of approximately 1.9 million barrels per calendar day in its
six-refinery system. Marathon brand gasoline is sold through approximately 5,600 independently owned retail outlets across 20 states and the District of
Columbia. In addition, Speedway LLC, an MPC subsidiary, owns and operates the nation’s second-largest convenience store chain, with approximately
2,740 convenience stores in 22 states. Through subsidiaries, MPC owns the general partner of MPLX LP, a midstream master limited partnership, which
is referred to as MPLX. Primarily through MPLX, MPC owns, leases or has ownership interests in approximately 10,800 miles of crude oil and light
product pipelines. Also through MPLX, MPC has ownership interests in gathering and processing facilities with approximately 5.9 billion cubic feet per
day of gathering capacity, 8.7 billion cubic feet per day of natural gas processing capacity and 610,000 barrels per day of fractionation capacity, and is
one of the largest natural gas processors in the United States and the largest processor and fractionator in the Marcellus and Utica shale regions. MPC’s
fully integrated system provides operational flexibility to move crude oil, NGLs, feedstocks and petroleum-related products efficiently through the
company’s distribution network and midstream service businesses in the Midwest, Northeast, East Coast, Southeast and Gulf Coast regions. MPC owns
100% of the outstanding equity interests of MPLX GP LLC, the general partner of MPLX. Additionally, as of March 31, 2018, MPC owned
approximately 63.6% of the outstanding common units of MPLX.

Andeavor

19100 Ridgewood Parkway
San Antonio, TX 78259
Phone: 210-626-6000

Andeavor, whose legal name is Andeavor, changed its name on August 1, 2017 from Tesoro Corporation. Andeavor was incorporated in Delaware
in 1968. Headquartered in San Antonio, Texas, Andeavor is a highly integrated marketing, logistics and refining company operating primarily in the
western and mid-continent United States. Andeavor’s marketing segment sells gasoline and diesel fuel in the western and mid-continent United States
through retail, branded and unbranded channels along with convenience store products in its retail channel. The retail and branded businesses primarily
use the ARCO®, Shell®, Mobil® and SUPERAMERICA® brands for fuel sales and ampm®, SUPERAMERICA® and Giant® brands for convenience
stores. Andeavor’s logistics segment includes the operations of Andeavor Logistics LP, a master limited partnership which we refer to as Andeavor
Logistics, with the exception of the wholesale fuel business acquired as part of Andeavor’s merger with Western Refining. Andeavor Logistics owns and
operates crude oil and refined products logistics assets in the United States. Andeavor’s refining segment buys and refines crude oil and other feedstocks
into transportation fuels that it sells to a wide variety of customers. Andeavor owns 100% of the outstanding equity interest of Tesoro Logistics GP,
LLC, the general partner of Andeavor Logistics. Additionally, as of March 31, 2018, Andeavor owned approximately 59% of the outstanding common
units of Andeavor Logistics.

Mahi Inc.

c/o Marathon Petroleum Corporation
539 South Main Street
Findlay, OH 45840
Phone: 419-422-2121
 

-61-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 75/241

Table of Contents

Merger Sub 1, whose legal name is Mahi Inc., is a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of MPC. Upon the completion of the first merger, Merger Sub 1 will
cease to exist. Merger Sub 1 was incorporated in Delaware on April 27, 2018 for the sole purpose of effecting the first merger.

Mahi LLC

c/o Marathon Petroleum Corporation
539 South Main Street
Findlay, OH 45840
Phone: 419-422-2121

Merger Sub 2, whose legal name is Mahi LLC, is a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of MPC. Upon the completion of the second merger, Merger Sub 2
will survive the second merger and continue to exist as a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of MPC. Merger Sub 2 was formed in Delaware on April 27,
2018 for the sole purpose of effecting the second merger.
 

-62-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 76/241

Table of Contents

SPECIAL MEETING OF MPC STOCKHOLDERS

Date, Time and Place

The MPC special meeting will be held at 10:00 AM Eastern Time on September 24, 2018, in the Auditorium of Marathon Petroleum Corporation, 539
South Main Street, Findlay, Ohio 45840.

Purpose of the MPC Special Meeting

The purpose of the MPC special meeting is as follows:
 

 •  to consider and vote on the MPC issuance proposal;
 

 •  to consider and vote on the MPC authorized stock COI amendment proposal;
 

 •  to consider and vote on the MPC board size COI amendment proposal; and
 

 •  to consider and vote on the MPC adjournment proposal.

MPC will transact no other business at the MPC special meeting.

Recommendation of the MPC Board

The MPC board recommends that MPC stockholders vote:
 

 1. “FOR” the approval of the MPC issuance proposal;
 

 2. “FOR” the approval of the MPC authorized stock COI amendment proposal;
 

 3. “FOR” the approval of the MPC board size COI amendment proposal; and
 

 4. “FOR” the approval of the MPC adjournment proposal.

See the section entitled “The Merger—Recommendation of the MPC Board and Reasons for the Merger” beginning on page 89.

Record Date

Only holders of record of issued and outstanding shares of MPC common stock as of the close of business on August 1, 2018, the record date for
the MPC special meeting, are entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the MPC special meeting or any adjournment or postponement of the MPC special
meeting.

Quorum; Required Votes; Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes

A quorum of MPC stockholders is necessary to hold a valid meeting. A quorum will exist at the MPC special meeting with respect to each matter
to be considered at the MPC special meeting if the holders of a majority of shares of MPC common stock outstanding and entitled to vote on the record
date are present in person or represented by proxy at the MPC special meeting. All shares represented by proxy are counted as present for purposes of
establishing a quorum, including abstentions. Under the NYSE rules, brokers who hold shares in “street name” for a beneficial owner of those shares
typically have the authority to vote in their discretion on “routine” proposals when they have not received instructions from beneficial owners. However,
brokers are not allowed to exercise their voting discretion with respect to the approval of proposals that the NYSE determines to be “non-routine” and
will not vote on such proposals if the broker has not received instructions from the beneficial owners on how to vote on the proposals. Under the NYSE
rules, brokers are not permitted to vote on any of the matters to be considered at the MPC special meeting. As a result, your shares will not be voted on
any matter unless you affirmatively instruct your bank, broker or other nominee how to vote your shares in one of the ways indicated by your bank,
broker or other nominee.
 

-63-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 77/241

Table of Contents

If you submit a properly executed proxy card, even if you do not vote for some or all of the proposals or vote to “ABSTAIN” in respect of some
or all of the proposals, your shares of MPC common stock will be counted for purposes of calculating whether a quorum is present at the MPC special
meeting with respect to each matter to be considered at the MPC special meeting. Executed but unvoted proxies will be voted in accordance with the
recommendations of the MPC board. If additional votes must be solicited to approve the MPC issuance proposal, it is expected that the MPC special
meeting will be adjourned to solicit additional proxies. Shares of MPC common stock held in street name will be counted as present for the purpose of
determining the existence of a quorum at the MPC special meeting so long as a stockholder has given the bank, broker or other nominee voting
instructions on at least one of the proposals brought before the MPC special meeting. The proposals for consideration at the MPC special meeting are
considered “non-routine” matters under NYSE Rule 452, and, therefore, no broker non-votes can occur at the meeting. A stockholder’s shares will not
be counted as present for the purpose of determining the existence of a quorum if no instructions have been provided on how to vote on any such
proposals.

Approval of the MPC issuance proposal requires the affirmative vote of a majority of votes cast by MPC stockholders present in person or by
proxy at the MPC special meeting and entitled to vote on the proposal. Under the NYSE rules, abstentions will have the same effect as a vote
“AGAINST” the proposal.

Approval of the MPC authorized stock COI amendment proposal requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of MPC common stock
outstanding as of the close of business on the record date and entitled to vote on the proposal. Abstentions will have the same effect as a vote
“AGAINST” the proposal.

Approval of the MPC board size COI amendment proposal requires the affirmative vote of at least 80% of the shares of MPC common stock
outstanding as of the close of business on the record date and entitled to vote on the proposal. Abstentions will have the same effect as a vote
“AGAINST” the proposal.

Approval of the MPC adjournment proposal requires the affirmative vote of a majority of shares held by MPC stockholders present in person or
by proxy at the MPC special meeting and entitled to vote on the proposal. Abstentions will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the proposal.

The matters to be voted on at the MPC special meeting are described in the section entitled “MPC Proposals” beginning on page 68.

Methods of Voting

If your shares of MPC common stock are registered in your name with MPC’s transfer agent, Computershare Investor Services, LLC, you are a
stockholder of record with respect to those shares and you received printed proxy materials directly from us. If your shares are held in an account at a
bank, broker or other similar organization, you are the “beneficial owner” of such shares and the printed proxy materials were forwarded to you by that
organization. In that circumstance, the organization is considered the stockholder of record for purposes of voting at the MPC special meeting. As a
beneficial owner, you have the right to instruct the organization how to vote the shares held in your account.

If you are a stockholder of record of MPC common stock, you may vote:
 

 •  via the Internet by proxy by following the instructions provided until 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on September 23, 2018;
 

 
•  by telephone by proxy by calling the toll-free telephone number located on the proxy card or available via the Internet until 11:59 p.m.

Eastern Time on September 23, 2018; or
 

 
•  by completing, signing and returning your proxy or voting instruction card and returning it in the provided envelope via mail. If you vote by

mail, your proxy card must be received by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on September 23, 2018; or
 

-64-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 78/241

Table of Contents

 
•  in person at the MPC special meeting. You will be required to present a valid form of government-issued photo identification to be admitted

to the MPC special meeting and a ballot will be provided to you upon arrival.

If you are a beneficial owner of shares of MPC common stock held in street name, you may vote:
 

 •  via the Internet by following the instructions provided to you by your bank, broker or other nominee;
 

 •  by telephone by calling the toll-free telephone number located on the voting instruction form or available via the Internet;
 

 •  by completing, signing and returning the voting instruction form and returning it in the provided envelope via mail; or
 

 

•  in person at the MPC special meeting but you must first obtain a legal proxy form from the bank, broker or other nominee that holds your
shares of MPC common stock. Please contact such broker or organization for instructions regarding obtaining a legal proxy. If you do obtain
a legal proxy and plan to attend the MPC special meeting, you will be required to present a valid form of government-issued photo
identification.

We provide Internet proxy voting to allow you to vote your shares online; however, please be aware you must bear any costs associated with your
Internet access, such as usage charges from Internet access providers or telecommunication companies.

Voting in Person

Owners of record will need to have a valid form of government-issued photo identification to be admitted to the MPC special meeting. If your
ownership is through a bank, broker or other nominee, then, in addition to a valid form of government-issued photo identification, you will also need to
have proof of your share ownership to be admitted to the MPC special meeting. A recent account statement, letter or proxy from your bank, broker or
other nominee will suffice. In order to vote at the MPC special meeting, if you are not an owner of record, you must first obtain a legal proxy form from
the bank, broker or other nominee that holds your shares. Even if you plan to attend the MPC special meeting, the MPC board recommends that you
vote your shares in advance as described below so that your vote will be counted if you later decide not to attend the MPC special meeting.

Voting by Proxy

Whether you hold your shares directly as the stockholder of record or beneficially in “street name,” you may direct your vote by proxy without
attending the MPC special meeting. You can vote by proxy via the Internet, by telephone or by mail by following the instructions provided in the
enclosed proxy card.

Questions About Voting

If you have any questions about how to vote or direct a vote in respect of your shares of MPC common stock, you may contact Innisfree, MPC’s
proxy solicitor, at:
 

 •  Stockholders may call toll-free at 1-888-750-5834.
 

 •  Banks and brokers may call collect at 1-212-750-5833.

Revocability of Proxies

If you are a stockholder of record of MPC, you may change your vote or revoke your proxy at any time before your shares are voted at the MPC
special meeting by:
 

 •  voting again via the Internet or by telephone;
 

-65-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 79/241

Table of Contents

 •  sending a proxy card dated later than your last vote;
 

 
•  notifying the MPC Corporate Secretary in writing at the address listed for MPC in the section entitled “Where You Can Find More

Information” beginning on page 236, stating that you are revoking your proxy; or
 

 •  voting at the MPC special meeting.

If you are a beneficial owner of shares of MPC common stock, you must contact your bank, broker or other nominee with whom you have an
account to obtain information regarding changing your voting instructions.

Proxy Solicitation Costs

The enclosed proxy card is being solicited on behalf of the MPC board. In addition to solicitation by mail, MPC’s directors, officers and
employees may solicit proxies in person, by telephone or by electronic means. These persons will not be specifically compensated for doing this.

MPC has retained Innisfree to assist in the solicitation process. MPC will pay Innisfree a fee of approximately $25,000 as well as reasonable and
documented out-of-pocket expenses. MPC also has agreed to indemnify Innisfree against various liabilities and expenses that relate to or arise out of its
solicitation of proxies (subject to certain exceptions).

MPC will ask banks, brokers and other custodians, nominees and fiduciaries to forward the proxy solicitation materials to the beneficial owners of
shares of MPC common stock held of record by such nominee holders. MPC will reimburse these nominee holders for their customary clerical and
mailing expenses incurred in forwarding the proxy solicitation materials to the beneficial owners.

No Dissenters’ Rights

Under Delaware law, MPC stockholders are not entitled to appraisal rights in connection with the issuance of shares of MPC common stock as
contemplated by the merger agreement.

Other Information

The matters to be considered at the MPC special meeting are of great importance to the stockholders of MPC. Accordingly, you are urged to read
and carefully consider the information contained in or incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus and submit your proxy via the
Internet or by telephone or complete, date, sign and promptly return the enclosed proxy card in the enclosed postage-paid envelope. If you submit your
proxy via the Internet or by telephone, you do not need to return the enclosed proxy card.

Vote of MPC’s Directors and Executive Officers

As of July 17, 2018, MPC directors and executive officers, and their affiliates, as a group, owned and were entitled to vote 1,101,269 shares of
MPC common stock, or less than 1% of the total outstanding shares of MPC common stock as of July 17, 2018. This is less than the number of shares of
MPC common stock beneficially owned by such persons as some forms of beneficial ownership do not confer voting rights.

MPC currently expects that all of its directors and executive officers will vote their shares “FOR” the MPC issuance proposal, “FOR” the MPC
authorized stock COI amendment proposal, “FOR” the MPC board size COI amendment proposal and “FOR” the MPC adjournment proposal.

Attending the MPC Special Meeting

You are entitled to attend the MPC special meeting only if you were a stockholder of record of MPC at the close of business on the record date or
you held your shares of MPC beneficially in the name of a bank, broker or other nominee as of the record date, or you hold a valid proxy for the MPC
special meeting.
 

-66-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 80/241

Table of Contents

If you were a stockholder of record of MPC at the close of business on the record date and wish to attend the MPC special meeting, please so
indicate on the appropriate proxy card or as prompted by the Internet or telephone voting system. Your name will be verified against the list of
stockholders of record prior to your being admitted to the MPC special meeting.

If a bank, broker or other nominee is the record owner of your shares of MPC common stock, you will need to have proof that you are the
beneficial owner as of the record date to be admitted to the MPC special meeting. A recent statement or letter from your bank, broker or other nominee
confirming your ownership as of the record date, or presentation of a valid proxy from a bank, broker or other nominee that is the record owner of your
shares, would be acceptable proof of your beneficial ownership.

You should be prepared to present government-issued photo identification for admittance to the MPC special meeting. If you do not provide
government-issued photo identification or comply with the other procedures outlined above upon request, you might not be admitted to the MPC special
meeting.

Results of the MPC Special Meeting

The preliminary voting results will be announced at the MPC special meeting. In addition, within four business days following the MPC special
meeting, MPC intends to file the final voting results with the SEC on a Current Report on Form 8-K. If the final voting results have not been certified
within that four business day period, MPC will report the preliminary voting results on a Current Report on Form 8-K at that time and will file an
amendment to the Current Report on Form 8-K to report the final voting results within four business days of the date that the final results are certified.

MPC STOCKHOLDERS SHOULD CAREFULLY READ THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS IN ITS ENTIRETY FOR MORE
DETAILED INFORMATION CONCERNING THE MPC ISSUANCE PROPOSAL AND THE OTHER MATTERS TO BE VOTED ON AT THE
MPC SPECIAL MEETING.
 

-67-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 81/241

Table of Contents

MPC PROPOSALS

MPC Issuance Proposal

It is a condition to completion of the merger that MPC stockholders approve the issuance of shares of MPC common stock in the merger. In the
merger, each Andeavor stockholder will receive, for each share of Andeavor common stock that is issued and outstanding as of immediately prior to the
effective time of the first merger, either the cash consideration of $152.27, if the Andeavor stockholder makes a cash election with respect to such share,
or the stock consideration of 1.87 shares of MPC common stock, if the Andeavor stockholder makes or is deemed to have made a stock election with
respect to such share. The cash and stock elections are subject to the allocation and proration procedures set forth in the merger agreement, which are
described in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Merger Consideration” beginning on page 155.

Under the NYSE rules, a company is required to obtain stockholder approval prior to the issuance of shares of common stock if the number of
shares of common stock to be issued is, or will be upon issuance, equal to or in excess of 20% of the number of shares of common stock outstanding
before the issuance of the common stock. If the merger is completed pursuant to the merger agreement, MPC expects to issue up to approximately
240 million shares of MPC common stock in connection with the merger, depending upon the number of shares of Andeavor common stock (other than
excluded shares) outstanding as of the effective time of the first merger. Accordingly, the aggregate number of shares of MPC common stock that MPC
will issue in the merger will exceed 20% of the shares of MPC common stock outstanding before such issuance, and for this reason, MPC is seeking the
approval of MPC stockholders for the issuance of shares of MPC common stock pursuant to the merger agreement. In the event the MPC issuance
proposal is not approved by MPC stockholders, the merger cannot be completed.

In the event the MPC issuance proposal is approved by MPC stockholders, but the merger agreement is terminated (without the merger being
completed) prior to the issuance of shares of MPC common stock pursuant to the merger agreement, MPC will not issue any shares of MPC common
stock as a result of the approval of the MPC issuance proposal.

Approval of the MPC issuance proposal requires the affirmative vote of a majority of votes cast by stockholders present in person or by proxy at
the MPC special meeting and entitled to vote on the proposal. Under the NYSE rules, abstentions will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” this
proposal.

The MPC board recommends you vote “FOR” the MPC issuance proposal.

MPC Authorized Stock COI Amendment Proposal

The MPC certificate of incorporation provides that the total number of shares of common stock which MPC will have the authority to issue is one
billion. MPC is seeking to amend its certificate of incorporation prior to the merger in order to increase the authorized number of shares of MPC
common stock from one billion shares to two billion shares. The MPC authorized stock COI amendment is contingent upon completion of the merger.

MPC has a sufficient number of authorized but unissued shares, and shares held in treasury, under its current certificate of incorporation to
complete the merger, and completion of the merger is not conditioned upon approval of the MPC authorized stock COI amendment proposal. However,
completion of the merger will reduce the number of remaining authorized but unissued shares available to MPC in the future. After completion of the
merger, MPC estimates that it would have approximately 690 million shares of common stock outstanding and, after giving effect to approximately
90 million shares of common stock reserved for issuance, would have only, in the aggregate, approximately 220 million shares of common stock
authorized but unissued and shares held in treasury available for future issuance. The MPC board believes that the increased number of authorized
shares of MPC common stock contemplated by the proposed amendment is important to the combined company in order
 

-68-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 82/241

Table of Contents

that additional shares be available for issuance from time to time, without further action or authorization by the MPC stockholders (except as required by
law or the NYSE rules), if needed for such corporate purposes as may be determined by the MPC board. Such corporate purposes might include the
acquisition of other businesses in exchange for shares of MPC common stock; facilitating broader ownership of MPC common stock by effecting stock
splits or issuing a stock dividend; flexibility for possible future financings; and attracting and retaining valuable employees and directors by the issuance
of additional stock-based awards. The MPC board considers the authorization of additional shares advisable to ensure prompt availability of shares for
issuance should the occasion arise. The additional one billion shares authorized would be a part of the existing class of MPC common stock and, if
issued, would have the same rights and privileges as the shares of MPC common stock presently issued and outstanding.

A copy of the proposed amendment with respect to the MPC authorized stock COI amendment proposal is attached hereto as Annex F.

Approval of the MPC authorized stock COI amendment proposal requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of MPC common stock
outstanding as of the record date and entitled to vote. Abstentions will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the proposal.

The MPC board recommends you vote “FOR” the MPC authorized stock COI amendment proposal.

MPC Board Size COI Amendment Proposal

The MPC certificate of incorporation provides that the maximum number of directors permitted to serve on the MPC board is 12. The merger
agreement provides that promptly after the effective time of the first merger, MPC will cause the maximum number of directors on the MPC board to be
increased from 12 to 14, and MPC will cause four current members of the Andeavor board to be appointed to the MPC board in director classes to be
agreed by MPC and Andeavor. The merger agreement obligates MPC to use its reasonable best efforts to cause such four individuals to be elected to the
MPC board in accordance with the MPC certificate of incorporation or the MPC bylaws at the first annual meeting of stockholders of MPC at which
such director is eligible for election.

In order to satisfy MPC’s obligations under the merger agreement and to provide for additional board seats for possible future growth, MPC is
seeking to amend its certificate of incorporation prior to the merger in order to allow up to 14 directors. The MPC board size COI amendment is
contingent upon completion of the merger. Should the MPC board size COI amendment proposal not be approved, two directors of MPC’s current board
will resign in order to appoint the four Andeavor appointees.

A copy of the proposed amendment with respect to the MPC board size COI amendment proposal is attached hereto as Annex G.

Approval of the MPC board size COI amendment proposal requires the affirmative vote of at least 80% of the shares of MPC common stock
outstanding as of the record date and entitled to vote. Abstentions will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the proposal.

The MPC board recommends you vote “FOR” the MPC board size COI amendment proposal

MPC Adjournment Proposal

MPC stockholders are also being asked to approve a proposal to adjourn the MPC special meeting, if reasonably necessary, to provide
stockholders with any required supplement or amendment to the accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus or to solicit additional proxies in favor
of the MPC issuance proposal in the event there are not sufficient votes at the time of the MPC special meeting to approve the MPC issuance proposal.
If the MPC special meeting is adjourned for the purpose of soliciting additional proxies, stockholders who have already submitted their proxies will be
able to revoke them at any time prior to their exercise.
 

-69-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 83/241

Table of Contents

Approval of the MPC adjournment proposal requires the affirmative vote of a majority of shares held by MPC stockholders present in person or
by proxy at the MPC special meeting and entitled to vote on the proposal, regardless of whether a quorum is present. Abstentions will have the same
effect as a vote “AGAINST” the proposal.

Approval of the MPC adjournment proposal is not required in order for the MPC special meeting to be adjourned. Under the MPC bylaws, the
presiding person of the MPC special meeting has the power to adjourn or recess the MPC special meeting from time to time whether or not a quorum is
present.

The MPC board recommends you vote “FOR” the MPC adjournment proposal.
 

-70-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 84/241

Table of Contents

SPECIAL MEETING OF ANDEAVOR STOCKHOLDERS

Date, Time and Place

The Andeavor special meeting will be held on September 24, 2018, at 9:00 AM Central Time at JW Marriott San Antonio, 23808 Resort Parkway,
San Antonio, Texas 78261.

Purpose of the Andeavor Special Meeting

The purpose of the Andeavor special meeting is as follows:
 

 •  to consider and vote on the Andeavor merger proposal;
 

 •  to consider and vote on the Andeavor compensation proposal; and
 

 •  to consider and vote on the Andeavor adjournment proposal.

Andeavor will transact no other business at the Andeavor special meeting.

Recommendation of the Andeavor Board of Directors

The Andeavor board recommends that Andeavor stockholders vote:
 

 1. “FOR” the Andeavor merger proposal;
 

 2. “FOR” the Andeavor compensation proposal; and
 

 3. “FOR” the Andeavor adjournment proposal.

See the section entitled “The Merger—Recommendation of the Andeavor Board and Reasons for the Merger” beginning on page 119.

Record Date

Only holders of record of issued and outstanding shares of Andeavor common stock as of the close of business on August 1, 2018, the record date
for the Andeavor special meeting, are entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the Andeavor special meeting or any adjournment or postponement of the
Andeavor special meeting.

Quorum; Required Votes; Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes

A quorum of Andeavor stockholders is necessary to hold a valid meeting. A quorum will exist at the Andeavor special meeting with respect to
each matter to be considered at the Andeavor special meeting if the holders of a majority of shares of Andeavor common stock outstanding and entitled
to vote on the record date are present in person or represented by proxy at the Andeavor special meeting. All shares represented by proxy are counted as
present for purposes of establishing a quorum, including abstentions. Under the NYSE rules, brokers who hold shares in “street name” for a beneficial
owner of those shares typically have the authority to vote in their discretion on “routine” proposals when they have not received instructions from
beneficial owners. However, brokers are not allowed to exercise their voting discretion with respect to the approval of proposals that the NYSE
determines to be “non-routine” and will not vote on such proposals if the broker has not received instructions from the beneficial owners on how to vote
on the proposals. Under the NYSE rules, brokers are not permitted to vote on any of the matters to be considered at the Andeavor special meeting. As a
result, your shares will not be voted on any matter unless you affirmatively instruct your bank, broker or other nominee how to vote your shares in one
of the ways indicated by your bank, broker or other nominee.

If you submit a properly executed proxy card, even if you do not vote for some or all of the proposals or vote to “ABSTAIN” in respect of some
or all of the proposals, your shares of Andeavor common stock will be
 

-71-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 85/241

Table of Contents

counted for purposes of calculating whether a quorum is present at the Andeavor special meeting with respect to each matter to be considered at the
Andeavor special meeting. Executed but unvoted proxies will be voted in accordance with the recommendations of the Andeavor board. If additional
votes must be solicited to approve the Andeavor merger proposal, it is expected that the meeting will be adjourned to solicit additional proxies. Shares of
Andeavor common stock held in street name will be counted as present for the purpose of determining the existence of a quorum at the Andeavor
special meeting so long as a stockholder has given the broker or other nominee voting instructions on at least one of the proposals brought before the
Andeavor special meeting. The proposals for consideration at the Andeavor special meeting are considered “non-routine” matters under NYSE Rule
452, and, therefore, no broker non-votes can occur at the meeting. A stockholder’s shares will not be counted as present for the purpose of determining
the existence of a quorum if no instructions have been provided on how to vote on any such proposals.

Approval of the Andeavor merger proposal requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of Andeavor common stock outstanding as of
the close of business on the record date and entitled to vote on the proposal. Abstentions will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the proposal.

Approval of the Andeavor compensation proposal requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of Andeavor common stock present in
person or by proxy at the Andeavor special meeting and entitled to vote on the proposal. Abstentions will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST”
the proposal.

Approval of the Andeavor adjournment proposal requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of Andeavor common stock present in
person or by proxy at the Andeavor special meeting and entitled to vote on the proposal. Abstentions will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST”
the proposal.

The matters to be voted on at the Andeavor special meeting are described in the section entitled “Andeavor Proposals” beginning on page 76.

Methods of Voting

Andeavor stockholders holding shares directly as stockholders of record may vote via the Internet by going to the web address provided on the
enclosed proxy card and following the instructions for Internet voting; by telephone using the toll-free telephone number listed on the enclosed proxy
card; or by completing, signing, dating and returning the enclosed proxy card in the postage-paid envelope provided.

Andeavor stockholders of record may vote their shares (other than shares held in the Andeavor 401(k) Plan) in person by ballot at the Andeavor
special meeting or by submitting their proxies:
 

 •  via the Internet until 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on September 23, 2018;
 

 •  by telephone until 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on September 23, 2018; or
 

 
•  by completing, signing and returning your proxy or voting instruction card via mail. If you vote by mail, your proxy card must be received

by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on September 23, 2018.

If your shares are held in the Andeavor 401(k) Plan, you may not vote in person at the Andeavor special meeting. Instead you will need to vote by
submitting your proxy:
 

 •  via the Internet until 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on September 19, 2018;
 

 •  by telephone until 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on September 19, 2018; or
 

 
•  by completing, signing and returning your proxy or voting instruction card via mail. If you vote by mail, your proxy card must be received

by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on September 19, 2018.

Stockholders of Andeavor whose shares are held in “street name” by a broker, nominee, fiduciary or other custodian should refer to the
proxy card, voting instruction form or other information forwarded by their broker, nominee, fiduciary or other custodian for instructions on
how to vote their shares.
 

-72-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 86/241

Table of Contents

Voting in Person

Shares held directly in your name as stockholder of record may be voted in person at the Andeavor special meeting. If you choose to vote your
shares in person at the Andeavor special meeting, please bring your enclosed proxy card and government-issued photo identification. Even if you plan to
attend the Andeavor special meeting, the Andeavor board recommends that you vote your shares in advance as described below so that your vote will be
counted if you later decide not to attend the Andeavor special meeting. Please note that if your shares are held in the Andeavor 401(k) Plan, you may not
vote in person at the Andeavor special meeting, instead you will need to submit your vote through one of the ways described above.

If you are a beneficial holder of your shares of Andeavor stock, you will receive separate voting instructions from your broker, bank or other
nominee explaining how to vote your shares. Please note that if your shares are held in “street name” by a broker, bank or other nominee and you wish
to vote at the Andeavor special meeting, you will not be permitted to vote in person unless you first obtain a legal proxy issued in your name from the
record owner. You are encouraged to request a legal proxy from your broker, bank or other nominee promptly as the process can be lengthy.

Voting by Proxy

If you hold your shares of Andeavor common stock directly as the stockholder of record you may direct your vote by proxy without attending the
Andeavor special meeting. You can vote by proxy via the Internet, by telephone or by mail by following the instructions provided in the enclosed proxy
card.

Stockholders of Andeavor whose shares are held in “street name” by a broker, nominee, fiduciary or other custodian should refer to the
proxy card, voting instruction form or other information forwarded by their broker, nominee, fiduciary or other custodian for instructions on
how to vote their shares.

Questions About Voting

If you have any questions about how to vote or direct a vote in respect of your shares of Andeavor common stock, you may contact Innisfree,
Andeavor’s proxy solicitor, at:

Stockholders may call toll-free at 1-888-750-5834.

Banks and brokers may call collect at 1-212-750-5833.

Revocability of Proxies

If you are a stockholder of record of Andeavor, whether you vote via the Internet, by telephone or mail, you can change or revoke your proxy
before it is voted at the Andeavor special meeting in one of the following ways:
 

 •  submit a new proxy card bearing a later date;
 

 •  vote again via the Internet or by telephone at a later time;
 

 
•  give written notice before the Andeavor special meeting to the Andeavor Corporate Secretary at the address listed for Andeavor in the

section entitled “Where You Can Find More Information” beginning on page 236 stating that you are revoking your proxy; or
 

 
•  attend the Andeavor special meeting and vote your shares in person. Please note that your attendance at the Andeavor special meeting will

not alone serve to revoke your proxy.

Proxy Solicitation Costs

The enclosed proxy card is being solicited on behalf of the Andeavor board. In addition to solicitation by mail, Andeavor’s directors, officers and
employees may solicit proxies in person, by telephone or by electronic means. These persons will not be specifically compensated for doing this.
 

-73-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 87/241

Table of Contents

Andeavor has retained Innisfree to assist in the solicitation process. Andeavor will pay Innisfree a fee of approximately $25,000, as well as
reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses. Andeavor also has agreed to indemnify Innisfree against various liabilities and expenses that relate
to or arise out of its solicitation of proxies (subject to certain exceptions).

Andeavor will ask banks, brokers and other custodians, nominees and fiduciaries to forward the proxy solicitation materials to the beneficial
owners of shares of Andeavor common stock held of record by such nominee holders. Andeavor will reimburse these nominee holders for their
customary clerical and mailing expenses incurred in forwarding the proxy solicitation materials to the beneficial owners.

Other Information

The matters to be considered at the Andeavor special meeting are of great importance to the stockholders of Andeavor. Accordingly, you are urged
to read and carefully consider the information contained in or incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus and submit your
proxy via the Internet or by telephone or complete, date, sign and promptly return the enclosed proxy card in the enclosed postage-paid envelope. If you
submit your proxy via the Internet or by telephone, you do not need to return the enclosed proxy card.

Vote of Andeavor’s Directors and Executive Officers

As of July 17, 2018, Andeavor directors and executive officers, and their affiliates, as a group, were entitled to vote or had shared power to vote a
total of 9,201,801 shares of Andeavor common stock, or approximately 6.1% of the total shares of Andeavor common stock issued and outstanding as of
July 17, 2018. One such director, Paul L. Foster, has entered into a separate voting agreement with MPC, Andeavor, Merger Sub 1, Merger Sub 2 and
Franklin Mountain Investments, LP pursuant to which he has agreed, among other things, to vote all of the shares of Andeavor common stock
beneficially owned by him (constituting approximately 5.2% of the total shares of Andeavor stock issued and outstanding as of April 26, 2018), other
than those shares sold pursuant to his current 10b5-1 trading plan, in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement, on the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth in the voting agreement. For more information, see the section entitled “Voting and Support Agreement” beginning on page 186.

Andeavor currently expects that all of its directors and executive officers will vote their shares “FOR” the Andeavor merger proposal, “FOR” the
Andeavor compensation proposal and “FOR” the Andeavor adjournment proposal.

Attending the Andeavor Special Meeting

You are entitled to attend the Andeavor special meeting only if you were a stockholder of record of Andeavor at the close of business on the
record date or you held your shares of Andeavor beneficially in the name of a broker, bank or other nominee as of the record date or you hold a valid
proxy for the Andeavor special meeting.

If you were a stockholder of record of Andeavor at the close of business on the record date and wish to attend the Andeavor special meeting,
please so indicate on the appropriate proxy card or as prompted by the Internet or telephone voting system. Your name will be verified against the list of
Andeavor stockholders of record prior to your being admitted to the Andeavor special meeting.

If a broker, bank or other nominee is the record owner of your shares of Andeavor common stock, you will need to have proof that you are the
beneficial owner as of the record date to be admitted to the Andeavor special meeting. A recent statement or letter from your broker, bank or other
nominee confirming your ownership as of the record date, or presentation of a valid proxy from a broker, bank or other nominee that is the record owner
of your shares, would be acceptable proof of your beneficial ownership.
 

-74-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 88/241

Table of Contents

You should be prepared to present government-issued photo identification for admittance to the Andeavor special meeting. If you do not provide
government-issued photo identification or comply with the other procedures outlined above upon request, you might not be admitted to the Andeavor
special meeting.

Results of the Andeavor Special Meeting

The preliminary voting results will be announced at the Andeavor special meeting. In addition, within four business days following the Andeavor
special meeting, Andeavor intends to file the final voting results with the SEC on a Current Report on Form 8-K. If the final voting results have not been
certified within that four business day period, Andeavor will report the preliminary voting results on a Current Report on Form 8-K at that time and will
file an amendment to the Current Report on Form 8-K to report the final voting results within four business days of the date that the final results are
certified.

ANDEAVOR STOCKHOLDERS SHOULD CAREFULLY READ THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS IN ITS
ENTIRETY FOR MORE DETAILED INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ANDEAVOR MERGER PROPOSAL AND THE OTHER
MATTERS TO BE VOTED ON AT THE ANDEAVOR SPECIAL MEETING.
 

-75-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 89/241

Table of Contents

ANDEAVOR PROPOSALS

Merger Proposal

It is a condition to the completion of the merger that Andeavor stockholders adopt the merger agreement. In the merger, each Andeavor
stockholder will receive, for each share of Andeavor common stock that is issued and outstanding as of immediately prior to the effective time of the
first merger, either the cash consideration of $152.27, if the Andeavor stockholder makes a cash election with respect to such share, or the stock
consideration of 1.87 shares of MPC common stock, if the Andeavor stockholder makes or is deemed to have made a stock election with respect to such
share. The cash and stock elections are subject to the allocation and proration procedures set forth in the merger agreement, which are described in the
section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Merger Consideration” beginning on page 155.

The approval by such stockholders of this proposal is required by Section 251 of the DGCL and is a condition to the completion of the merger.

Approval of the Andeavor merger proposal requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of Andeavor common stock outstanding as of
the close of business on the record date and entitled to vote. Abstentions will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the proposal.

The Andeavor board recommends that you vote “FOR” the Andeavor merger proposal.

Andeavor Compensation Proposal

As required by Section 14A of the Exchange Act and the applicable SEC rules issued thereunder, which were enacted pursuant to the Dodd-Frank
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, Andeavor is required to provide its stockholders the opportunity to vote to approve, on a non-binding,
advisory basis, certain compensation that may be paid or become payable to Andeavor’s named executive officers that is based on or otherwise relates to
the merger, as described in the section entitled “The Merger—Interests of Andeavor Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger” beginning on
page 146. Accordingly, Andeavor stockholders are being provided the opportunity to cast an advisory vote on such potential payments.

As an advisory vote, this proposal is not binding upon Andeavor or the Andeavor board and approval of this proposal is not a condition to the
completion of the merger. Because the merger-related executive compensation to be paid in connection with the merger is based on the terms of the
merger agreement as well as the contractual arrangements with Andeavor’s named executive officers, such compensation will be payable, regardless of
the outcome of this advisory vote, if the merger agreement is adopted (subject only to the contractual conditions applicable thereto). However, Andeavor
seeks the support of its stockholders and believes that stockholder support is appropriate because Andeavor has a comprehensive executive
compensation program designed to link the compensation of its executives with Andeavor’s performance and the interests of Andeavor stockholders.
Accordingly, holders of Andeavor common stock are being asked to vote on the following resolution:

“RESOLVED, that the stockholders of Andeavor approve, on an advisory, non-binding basis, certain compensation that may be
paid or become payable to the named executive officers of Andeavor that is based on or otherwise relates to the merger, as
disclosed pursuant to Item 402(t) of Regulation S-K under the heading “Interests of Andeavor Directors and Officers in the
Merger.”

Approval of the non-binding compensation proposal requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of Andeavor common stock present
in person or by proxy at the Andeavor special meeting and entitled to vote on the proposal. Abstentions will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST”
the proposal.

The Andeavor board recommends that you vote “FOR” the Andeavor compensation proposal.
 

-76-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 90/241

Table of Contents

Andeavor Adjournment Proposal

Andeavor stockholders are also being asked to approve a proposal to adjourn the Andeavor special meeting, if reasonably necessary, to provide
stockholders with any required supplement or amendment to the accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus or to solicit additional proxies in favor
of the Andeavor merger proposal in the event there are not sufficient votes at the time of the Andeavor special meeting to approve the Andeavor merger
proposal. If the Andeavor special meeting is adjourned for the purpose of soliciting additional proxies, stockholders who have already submitted their
proxies will be able to revoke them at any time prior to their exercise.

Approval of the Andeavor adjournment proposal requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of Andeavor common stock present in
person or by proxy at the Andeavor special meeting and entitled to vote on the proposal, regardless of whether a quorum is present. Abstentions will
have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the proposal.

The Andeavor board recommends that you vote “FOR” the Andeavor adjournment proposal.
 

-77-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 91/241

Table of Contents

THE MERGER

This discussion of the merger is qualified in its entirety by reference to the merger agreement, which is attached to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus as Annex A and incorporated by reference herein in its entirety. You should read the entire merger agreement carefully as it is the
legal document that governs the merger.

Transaction Structure

At the effective time of the first merger, Merger Sub 1 will merge with and into Andeavor. As a result of the first merger, the separate corporate
existence of Merger Sub 1 will cease, and Andeavor will continue as the surviving corporation and as a wholly owned subsidiary of MPC.

Immediately following the completion of the first merger, Andeavor will merge with and into Merger Sub 2 pursuant to the terms of the merger
agreement. Upon the completion of the second merger, the separate corporate existence of Andeavor will cease as a result, and Merger Sub 2 will
continue as the surviving company.

Consideration to Andeavor Stockholders

As a result of the merger, each share of Andeavor common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the first merger (other than excluded
shares, as defined below, and Andeavor common stock that is issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the first merger and that
is held by any person who is entitled to demand and properly demands appraisal of such Andeavor common stock pursuant to, and who complies in all
respects with, Section 262 of the DGCL) will be converted into the right to receive either (i) the cash consideration of $152.27 or (ii) the stock
consideration of 1.87 shares of MPC common stock, at the election of the holder of each such share of Andeavor common stock. An election to receive
either the cash or stock consideration is subject to the allocation and proration procedures set forth in the merger agreement, which are described in the
section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Merger Consideration” beginning on page 155. Andeavor stockholders who make no election or an untimely
election, or are otherwise deemed not to have submitted an effective form of election, will be deemed to have elected to receive stock consideration.

Shares held by Andeavor, MPC or any of their respective direct or indirect subsidiaries (including Merger Sub 1 and Merger Sub 2) as of the
effective time of the first merger, other than any shares of Andeavor common stock held on behalf of third parties, which are referred to as the excluded
shares, will be cancelled and will cease to exist, and no cash, MPC stock or other consideration will be delivered in exchange therefor.

Andeavor stockholders who receive the stock consideration in respect of their shares of Andeavor common stock will not receive any fractional
shares of MPC common stock in the merger. Instead, they will be entitled to receive, in lieu of such fractional shares, an amount in cash, without
interest, equal to the product of the average of the closing prices per share of MPC common stock on the NYSE, as reported by The Wall Street Journal
(or if not reported thereby, as reported in another authoritative source), for the five full trading days ending on the second business day immediately
preceding the date on which the effective time occurs multiplied by the fraction of shares of MPC stock (after taking into account all of the shares of
Andeavor common stock held by such holder at the effective time and rounded to the nearest one thousandth) to which such holder would otherwise be
entitled.

The precise consideration that a Andeavor stockholder will receive will not be known at the time of the Andeavor special meeting or at the time
that the election is made because it is dependent upon the aggregate number of shares of Andeavor common stock in respect of which elections to
receive cash consideration and stock consideration are made.

Neither Andeavor nor MPC is making any recommendation as to whether an Andeavor stockholder should elect to receive the cash
consideration or the stock consideration. If you are an Andeavor stockholder, you must make your own decision with respect to this election
and you should seek the advice of your own attorneys, financial advisors and/or accountants.
 

-78-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 92/241

Table of Contents

Background of the Merger

Andeavor and MPC are both independent refining, logistics, and marketing companies with their respective geographic footprints in the Western
and Eastern regions of the United States. As part of their ongoing efforts to strengthen their respective businesses and enhance stockholder value, the
boards of directors and senior management of each of Andeavor and MPC regularly review and assess their respective companies’ operations,
performance, prospects and strategic directions, including the possibility of pursuing various strategic transactions. In connection with their ongoing
efforts, the boards of directors of Andeavor and MPC have, at various board meetings, periodically reviewed the strategic landscape in their industry and
evaluated various potential strategic opportunities for Andeavor and MPC, respectively. In considering these potential strategic opportunities, the boards
of directors and senior management of Andeavor and MPC both have taken into account various factors, including potential synergy opportunities,
geographic diversification, integration with logistics and marketing, asset quality and likelihood that such opportunity could be executed and be value
enhancing for their respective stockholders. From time to time, the senior management of Andeavor and MPC have held conversations and
communicated with various investment banking firms regarding potential strategic transaction opportunities and other strategic alternatives.

In March 2017, Mr. Gregory J. Goff, the Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Andeavor, and Mr. Gary R. Heminger, the Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer of MPC, met following an industry event and discussed various industry-related matters and, separately, the possibility of
exploring a strategic transaction between the companies and the potential benefits of such a transaction given the similarity of the companies’ business
models, the diversity of the geographic regions of their business operations and the possibility of potentially significant synergies from a strategic
combination. Each of Messrs. Goff and Heminger stated that they needed to discuss the matter further with their respective boards and would follow-up
with each other thereafter.

Beginning in April 2017, and from time to time thereafter, Goldman Sachs, Andeavor’s long-time financial advisor on potential strategic
transactions provided to Andeavor certain publicly available financial data regarding a potential strategic combination with MPC at the request of
Andeavor management.

In June 2017, Mr. Timothy T. Griffith, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of MPC, and Barclays discussed a potential engagement
of Barclays as a financial advisor in connection with a potential transaction between MPC and Andeavor.

On June 27, 2017 and June 28, 2017, Messrs. Goff and Heminger met in person and again discussed the possibility of exploring a strategic
transaction between the two companies, reiterating the same potential benefits of a strategic combination as they had discussed in March 2017.

In July 2017, Sullivan & Cromwell LLP, referred to as S&C, Andeavor’s long-time legal counsel in connection with potential strategic
transactions, was updated with respect to the consideration of a potential strategic combination with MPC and asked to prepare a mutual confidentiality
agreement. Also in July 2017, Goldman Sachs provided a draft disclosure letter regarding certain of its relationships with Andeavor, MPC, Andeavor
Logistics and MPLX to Andeavor.

On July 26, 2017, the board of directors of MPC held a regularly scheduled meeting at which Mr. Heminger and other MPC executives provided a
preliminary analysis regarding a possible strategic combination with Andeavor, which included the potential merits and other considerations associated
with such a transaction. The information provided included Barclays’ disclosure regarding certain of its relationships with MPC, Andeavor and other
relevant parties to the proposed transaction.

On July 28, 2017, the board of directors of Andeavor held a meeting to discuss a potential strategic transaction between MPC and Andeavor.
During the meeting, Mr. Goff discussed with the board his conversation
 

-79-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 93/241

Table of Contents

with Mr. Heminger regarding a potential strategic combination and presented to the board certain preliminary analyses of the opportunities and
considerations presented by a strategic transaction with MPC, including the similarity of the companies’ business models, the diverse geographic
regions of their refining operations and the possibility of potentially significant synergies from a strategic combination. The Andeavor board expressed
its initial interest in exploring the possibility of a potential strategic combination with MPC and authorized Mr. Goff, Mr. Sterin, Executive Vice
President and Chief Financial Officer of Andeavor, and Ms. Rucker, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of Andeavor, to engage
with MPC regarding the potential for such a transaction.

On July 29, 2017, Messrs. Goff and Heminger spoke by telephone to discuss exploring further a potential strategic combination between MPC and
Andeavor. They agreed that the goal of the strategic transaction would be to create a leading integrated and geographically diverse refining, marketing
and midstream company. Messrs. Goff and Heminger also discussed next steps, including entering into a confidentiality agreement and establishing a
small team from each company to further explore the potential transaction.

In August 2017, Andeavor and MPC negotiated a mutual confidentiality agreement with customary rights and protections and mutual standstill
provisions. Andeavor and MPC executed the confidentiality agreement on August 15, 2017, so they could begin to exchange certain preliminary
non-public information to facilitate the evaluation, negotiation and implementation of a potential strategic combination between the two companies.

Late in the week of August 14, 2017, Messrs. Goff and Heminger met in person to further discuss the potential strategic transaction. They agreed
to conduct a preliminary joint synergies assessment to evaluate the potential combination before engaging in further discussions. They also discussed the
mechanics of preparing such preliminary synergies assessment and agreed to designate a limited number of subject matter experts from each company to
work jointly on the assessment. On August 19, 2017, Ms. Rucker spoke with Ms. Suzanne Gagle, Vice President and General Counsel of MPC, by
telephone to further discuss the legal parameters of the preliminary synergies assessment and it was agreed that the employees involved would sign
confidentiality agreements.

On August 25, 2017, the MPC board held a special telephonic meeting on an unrelated matter during which Mr. Heminger gave an update, noting
that certain subject matter experts from both MPC and Andeavor would convene to undertake a synergies assessment the following week.

During the week of August 28, 2017, work on the preliminary synergies assessment began. On August 31, 2017, the synergy teams, including
MPC representatives Brian Partee, MPC Vice President, Business Development, and Timothy Aydt, MPLX Vice President, Operations, and Andeavor
representatives Nate Weeks, Senior Vice President, Strategy & Business Development, Michael Morrison, Senior Vice President, Marketing, Phil
Anderson, Senior Vice President, Northern Area Value Chain, Doug Miller, Vice President, Strategy and Business Development – Strategic Projects,
Matt Yoder, Vice President, Retail Giant & SuperAmerica, Joe Sullivan, Deputy General Counsel, and Brent McCune, Vice President, Strategy and
Business Development – Logistics, completed the preliminary synergies assessment, which, informed by the companies’ respective subject matter
experts identifying synergies by business component, concluded that the synergies from a strategic combination between MPC and Andeavor could
exceed $1 billion on an annual basis, which would be expected to be realized within the first three years of the combination.

In September 2017, MPC advised Jones Day, its legal counsel in connection with previous merger and acquisition transactions, that a potential
strategic transaction with Andeavor was under consideration and requested certain legal services in support thereof.

On September 7, 2017, Messrs. Goff and Sterin held a call with representatives of Goldman Sachs, which had been approached by Andeavor
management as a potential financial advisor in connection with the potential strategic combination, to discuss certain preliminary financial
considerations related to the potential transaction
 

-80-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 94/241

Table of Contents

with MPC and in order to consider and evaluate whether Goldman Sachs could serve as a financial advisor to Andeavor in connection with the
transaction, subject to Goldman Sachs providing a disclosure letter regarding certain of its relationships with Andeavor, MPC, Andeavor Logistics and
MPLX, and Andeavor board approval.

On September 10, 2017, Messrs. Goff and Heminger met in person to discuss the results from the preliminary synergies assessment.

On September 12, 2017, the Andeavor synergy team and the MPC synergy team performing the preliminary synergies assessment made
presentations to Messrs. Goff and Heminger, respectively. During the presentation, the teams noted that they had jointly compiled the synergies
assessment by component during their prior meetings and subsequently and separately further reviewed, developed and validated the jointly developed
work product.

On September 15, 2017, Mr. Goff provided a written update to the Andeavor board on the status of discussions with Mr. Heminger on the
potential strategic combination. Mr. Goff also proposed a telephonic meeting of the board on September 24, 2017 to further evaluate the potential
transaction.

On September 22, 2017, Goldman Sachs delivered an updated draft disclosure letter regarding certain of its relationships with Andeavor, MPC,
Andeavor Logistics and MPLX to the Andeavor board.

On September 24, 2017, the Andeavor board held a telephonic meeting in which Mr. Goff updated the board on the preliminary results of the
synergies analysis. Representatives of S&C, Mr. Sterin and Ms. Rucker also attended portions of the meeting. Ms. Rucker and a representative from
S&C reviewed with the Andeavor board certain legal considerations related to the directors’ fiduciary duties in a strategic combination like the one
under consideration. Messrs. Goff and Sterin discussed with the Andeavor board the significant commercial, financial and structural changes impacting
the refining industry and the energy sector as a whole. Messrs. Goff and Sterin also discussed with the Andeavor board Andeavor’s positioning in the
industry and long-term direction. Messrs. Goff and Sterin also discussed the industrial logic of a strategic combination with MPC, including the creation
of a company that would be a leader in the refining, logistics and retail/marketing sectors. Mr. Goff discussed potential challenges with respect to the
strategic transaction, including integrating and harmonizing the organizational structure of the two companies. Mr. Goff then discussed potential
structures for the transaction in which current stockholders of Andeavor would receive MPC common stock. The Andeavor board discussed and
determined to engage Goldman Sachs as Andeavor’s financial advisor in connection with consideration of a potential strategic combination with MPC,
considering factors that included its financial advisory experience in the refining sector. In executive session, the Andeavor board reviewed and
discussed the preliminary draft disclosure letter provided by Goldman Sachs and determined that it was appropriate to retain Goldman Sachs as a
financial advisor for the transaction. At the end of the meeting, the Andeavor board confirmed its support for continuing discussions with MPC and
discussed next steps.

Subsequent to the Andeavor board meeting, Mr. Goff called Mr. Heminger to inform Mr. Heminger of the determination by the Andeavor board to
continue discussions with MPC regarding a potential strategic transaction.

On September 27, 2017, the MPC board held its annual strategy session meeting and received updates from Mr. Heminger on the potential
transaction with Andeavor. Mr. Partee described the evaluation of potential synergies existing between the two companies and the initial estimates of
achievable synergies by category, the plan for upcoming due diligence efforts and synergies validation, the structure of a potential transaction and the
illustrative timeline for such a transaction. Mr. Heminger noted that he would keep the MPC board apprised as developments warranted.

On September 28, 2017, Messrs. Goff and Heminger held a call to further discuss the next steps of the potential transaction between Andeavor and
MPC based on feedback received from each company’s board. They
 

-81-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 95/241

Table of Contents

agreed that the advisors would work to develop a joint timeline for the potential transaction. The legal advisors to Andeavor and MPC exchanged drafts
of and provided comments on a timeline for a potential transaction.

On September 29, 2017, Messrs. Sterin and Griffith held a call to discuss the preparations and deliverables needed for the upcoming in-person
meeting to discuss financial models.

During the weekend of September 30, 2017, Messrs. Goff and Heminger discussed the potential timeline and agreed to target mid-November 2017
for signing of a definitive agreement should discussions proceed favorably. They also discussed, at a conceptual level, matters related to corporate
governance of the combined company, including board composition, and the possible relative ownership of each company’s stockholders in the
combined company.

On October 5, 2017 and October 6, 2017, executives of Andeavor, including Mr. Sterin, and MPC, including Mr. Griffith, Mr. John J. Quaid, MPC
Vice President and Controller, Mr. Tom Kaczynski, MPC Vice President, Finance and Treasurer, and Mr. Partee, and representatives of Goldman Sachs
and Barclays met in person to discuss the financial models for the potential transaction and financial due diligence. Andeavor participants in the
discussion also included Mr. Weeks, Mr. Brad Lakhia, Vice President, Business Planning & Analysis, and Mr. Stephan Tompsett, Vice President and
Treasurer.

On October 10, 2017, Messrs. Goff and Heminger met in person to further discuss the potential transaction. Messrs. Sterin and Griffith also
attended the meeting. At the meeting, the parties discussed methods for financial modeling, including various pricing assumptions, of Andeavor and
MPC on a consistent basis for the 5-year financial models of the respective companies. Messrs. Goff and Heminger also held separate discussions
regarding such matters and various other transaction-related topics. After the October 10, 2017 meeting, each of Andeavor and MPC consulted with
their advisors as to the benefits and disadvantages of using the different potential financial modeling forecasts.

On October 16, 2017 and October 22, 2017, Messrs. Goff and Heminger held two additional meetings to discuss the forecast methodologies to be
used for purposes of the 5-year financial models of each of the companies, the relative market prices of Andeavor and MPC common stock and the
exchange ratios that would be required to achieve various premia, and combined company corporate governance matters, including board composition
and office location. Messrs. Sterin and Griffith also attended the October 16, 2017 meeting.

On October 18, 2017, Mr. Goff informed the board of directors of the general partner of Andeavor Logistics, LP, a publicly traded limited
partnership and a consolidated subsidiary of Andeavor, of the possibility of a transaction between Andeavor and MPC.

On October 25, 2017, the MPC board met at regularly scheduled session and Mr. Heminger provided an update as to the status of discussions
between the MPC and Andeavor senior management teams. He detailed the work that had been initiated by the management teams and their respective
advisors, including the sharing of business plan assumptions to better evaluate the economics of the potential transaction and certain environmental and
regulatory due diligence information. Mr. Heminger then informed the MPC board that given the then-current relative market valuations of the two
companies, reaching an agreement on terms acceptable to both parties would be challenging. The MPC board concluded that the synergies presented by
the potential transaction were attractive and that perhaps the market valuations of the respective companies would support pursuit of the project in the
future.

On October 27, 2017, Messrs. Goff and Heminger spoke by telephone and mutually agreed to suspend the discussions of a potential combination
between Andeavor and MPC in order for each company to focus on its respective business objectives.

On November 8, 2017, the Andeavor board held an in-person meeting. During the meeting, Mr. Goff provided the Andeavor board with an update
regarding the status of the potential transaction with MPC, noting
 

-82-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 96/241

Table of Contents

that the respective CEOs had agreed to suspend discussions at such time to focus on their respective internal business objectives. A board meeting of the
general partner of Andeavor Logistics was also held on the same day. Mr. Goff provided a similar update at such board meeting.

On January 30, 2018, Messrs. Goff and Heminger communicated and agreed to meet in the third week of February to determine the possibility of
resuming discussions of a potential transaction between Andeavor and MPC.

On February 11, 2018, representatives of Goldman Sachs held a call with Messrs. Goff, Sterin and Weeks to discuss considerations related to the
potential transaction between Andeavor and MPC.

At Andeavor board meetings on February 13, 2018 and February 14, 2018, Mr. Goff discussed with the Andeavor board the possibility of
resuming the discussions with MPC regarding a potential transaction and the Andeavor board supported the resumption of such discussions.

On February 23, 2018, Messrs. Goff and Heminger met in person and reinitiated the discussion of a potential transaction between Andeavor and
MPC. They reiterated the potential benefits of a combined company based on their earlier communications.

On February 28, 2018, MPC held a regularly scheduled board meeting, during which Mr. Heminger updated the board regarding his resumption of
a dialogue with Mr. Goff and commented that the shift in the relative MPC and Andeavor market valuations had made a potential transaction more
attractive. Members of MPC executive management, including Messrs. Griffith and Partee, presented to the MPC board several business plan scenarios
and offered accretion/dilution analyses under various approaches to the transaction consideration.

During the same week, representatives of Goldman Sachs and Barclays also held a call to discuss various matters, including preliminary financial
considerations for the potential transaction.

On March 2, 2018, the Andeavor board met in a regularly scheduled session to discuss the annual meeting of stockholders and the proxy
statement. During the meeting, Mr. Goff provided a brief update to the Andeavor board on the status of the potential transaction.

On March 8, 2018, representatives of Goldman Sachs and Barclays held a call to further discuss various matters for the potential transaction
between Andeavor and MPC.

On March 10, 2018, Messrs. Goff and Sterin held a call with representatives of Goldman Sachs to receive updates regarding financial
considerations and other matters related to the transaction.

On March 13, 2018, the MPC board held a special telephonic meeting on an unrelated matter during which Mr. Heminger provided a brief update
to the MPC board on the status of discussions in furtherance of a potential transaction.

On March 19, 2018, Messrs. Sterin and Griffith spoke by telephone regarding updates to the Andeavor and MPC forecasts.

On March 20, 2018, Goldman Sachs provided an updated draft disclosure letter regarding certain of its relationships with Andeavor, MPC,
Andeavor Logistics and MPLX to Andeavor and its external legal counsel. The Goldman Sachs disclosure letter was subsequently executed on
March 28, 2018.

On March 22, 2018, the Andeavor board met. At the meeting, Mr. Goff provided an update to the board on the potential transaction with MPC,
including due diligence, work to refresh the synergies analysis that had previously been done and a potential timeline for signing and announcement of
the transaction. Representatives
 

-83-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 97/241

Table of Contents

of S&C also attended portions of the meeting. Representatives of S&C reviewed certain legal considerations with the board, including the board’s
fiduciary duties. The Andeavor board expressed its continued support for discussion of the potential transaction with MPC.

Thereafter, as directed by Andeavor and MPC, respectively, Goldman Sachs and Barclays exchanged certain historical financial information and
certain unaudited forecasted financial information in relation to the proposed strategic transaction between MPC and Andeavor that were provided to
them by the management of Andeavor and MPC, respectively.

On March 30, 2018, Messrs. Goff and Heminger discussed the potential transaction with input received from their respective advisors and boards
of directors, including that the transaction consideration would be comprised mostly of MPC stock at a potential premium to the Andeavor stock price.
They discussed the refining, logistics and retail operations of the combined company and agreed the parties should refresh the preliminary synergies
assessment that had been completed in August 2017. Both decided to move forward with the transaction with a targeted signing date, should discussions
proceed favorably, at or around the end of April 2018.

In the first week of April 2018, S&C and Jones Day exchanged due diligence request lists and the companies began to prepare an electronic data
room, which opened to the respective parties on April 6, 2018, to review each company’s documentary diligence responses. During this week,
Mses. Rucker and Gagle spoke by telephone regarding the process and the key steps of the transaction.

Also during the first week of April 2018, Andeavor and MPC exchanged forecasts. Messrs. Goff and Heminger agreed to use MPC’s internal
pricing methodology as a starting point and basis for the financial models and for further discussions on the financial evaluation of the transaction.

On April 5, 2018, MPC representatives, including Messrs. Griffith, Quaid, Kaczynski and Partee, and Andeavor representatives, including Messrs.
Lakhia and Tompsett, and their respective financial advisors, with Mr. Sterin joining by telephone, held a meeting to review the management
presentations of each of the companies, including financial models, key assumptions, growth projects and other financial due diligence related to the
potential transaction.

On April 6, 2018, Messrs. Goff and Heminger met to discuss the key terms of the transaction. During this meeting, Messrs. Goff and Heminger
discussed an exchange ratio of 1.87x MPC shares for each issued and outstanding Andeavor share, which implied an approximate 27% premium to the
closing price of Andeavor stock on April 5, 2018 of $107.76, and was in line with their targeted approximate 30% premium to Andeavor’s share price
based on a 30-day VWAP. They also discussed various corporate governance issues.

On April 10, 2018 and April 11, 2018, Messrs. Goff and Heminger met again to refresh the synergies assessment conducted in August 2017, with
Andeavor executives, Messrs. Sterin, Weeks, Morrison, Anderson, Miller, Yoder and McCune, and MPC representatives, including Messrs. Griffith,
Partee and Aydt. The participants confirmed that a strategic combination between Andeavor and MPC would likely result in more than $1 billion in
annual gross, run-rate synergies, which would be expected to be realized within the first three years after the combination. Separately, Messrs. Goff and
Heminger met and agreed, subject to the approval of their respective boards of directors, to the exchange ratio of 1.87x and a consideration mix of either
85% MPC stock and 15% cash or 90% MPC stock and 10% cash. Messrs. Goff and Heminger continued their discussions concerning board composition
and office location. They agreed, subject to approval of their respective boards of directors, that Mr. Heminger would lead the combined company as its
chief executive officer, the headquarters would be located in Findlay, Ohio, and that four directors from the Andeavor board would be appointed to the
MPC board upon completion of the transaction. They also discussed the processes to complete due diligence and for approval of such a transaction by
the respective boards of directors.

On April 11, 2018, Jones Day provided an initial draft of the merger agreement to S&C. From April 11, 2018 until the execution of the merger
agreement on April 29, 2018, the parties and their respective legal and
 

-84-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 98/241

Table of Contents

financial advisors exchanged numerous drafts of, and engaged in numerous discussions and negotiations concerning the terms of, the merger agreement.
Significant areas of discussion and negotiation included the amount and form of merger consideration, including whether the consideration would be an
election of cash or stock or a fixed mixture of cash and stock and whether the stock consideration would be subject to proration in the case of
oversubscription, the scope and degree of reciprocity of the representations, warranties and covenants, including the interim operating restrictions and
the “no shop” provisions, the tax opinion-related closing condition, provisions relating to the regulatory approval process and associated conditions to
closing the transaction and the circumstances under which either party would be permitted to terminate the agreement, including whether the parties
would be permitted to terminate the agreement for a superior proposal, and the termination-related fees payable in connection therewith, including
whether the dollar amount of the termination fee would be the same for each party. Documentary and other due diligence, including legal due diligence
calls and on-site visits of certain of Andeavor’s refineries, by both parties also continued in parallel with the negotiation of the transaction
documentation. The initial draft of the merger agreement also indicated that MPC desired to enter into a voting agreement with Mr. Paul L. Foster, a
director on the Andeavor board and the former chairman of the board of Western Refining who joined Andeavor’s board after Andeavor’s acquisition of
Western Refining, and an approximate 5.2% stockholder of Andeavor common stock, including shares held through Franklin Mountain Investments, LP,
a controlled affiliate of Mr. Foster.

On April 15, 2018, the Andeavor board held an in-person meeting with representatives from S&C and Goldman Sachs in attendance. A
representative from S&C reviewed with the Andeavor board their fiduciary duties under Delaware law in connection with the consideration of a
transaction with MPC. Mr. Goff discussed with the Andeavor board the potential impact of the transaction on the industry and Andeavor’s positioning in
the industry and long-term direction. Messrs. Goff and Sterin provided an overview of the ongoing synergies analysis of the strategic combination with
MPC, indicating that they expected to achieve annual gross, run-rate synergies of over $1 billion expected to be realized within the first three years after
the combination. Mr. Goff noted that given the expected exchange ratio for the transaction and the cash/stock mix under discussion, the then-current
stockholders of Andeavor would hold approximately 35% of the stock of the combined company and then-current MPC stockholders would hold
approximately 65%, which would allow Andeavor stockholders to benefit from the synergies and growth realized by the combined company. Mr. Sterin
provided an overview of the standalone and pro forma financial statements as well as the underlying assumptions behind the plans. Representatives of
Goldman Sachs discussed with the Andeavor board financial analyses of the potential strategic combination. Goldman Sachs also discussed with the
Andeavor board the feasibility of potential strategic transactions with other independent refining companies and integrated energy companies that could
be potential candidates for a strategic transaction with Andeavor. A representative from S&C provided the Andeavor board with a preliminary overview
of the initial draft of the merger agreement and some open issues. Mr. Goff and the Andeavor board discussed the next steps of the transaction and key
considerations related to timing. The Andeavor board further discussed the strong strategic rationale for a transaction with MPC, including the projected
annual gross, run-rate synergies of over $1 billion expected to be realized within the first three years after the combination, the significant stock
component of the consideration, the premium that could be received by Andeavor’s stockholders and the mutuality of the strategic objectives of the two
companies. After discussion, the Andeavor board determined to continue pursuing the strategic transaction with MPC in light of the strong synergies
and the unique value proposition based on a primarily stock transaction, which would provide the Andeavor stockholders the opportunity to participate
in the future growth of the combined company and the realization of the projected synergies. During executive session, the Andeavor board also
reviewed and discussed the final disclosure letter provided by Goldman Sachs and determined that the relationships disclosed in the letter would not
prevent it from retaining Goldman Sachs as a financial advisor for the transaction.

Also on April 15, 2018, Andeavor and Goldman Sachs entered into the engagement letter for Goldman Sachs to be the financial advisor to
Andeavor in connection with its evaluation of a potential strategic transaction with MPC.
 

-85-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 99/241

Table of Contents

On April 16, 2018, Messrs. Goff and Heminger spoke by telephone to update one another on feedback received from their respective boards of
directors, including with respect to the timing of their upcoming board meetings, the range of potential synergies and the potential timing for
announcement of the transaction in the event of board approvals. During the call, Mr. Goff proposed that Andeavor stockholders should be entitled to
elect to receive stock consideration or cash consideration for each share of Andeavor common stock held, subject to a cap of 10% or 15% on the number
of shares of Andeavor common stock in respect of which Andeavor stockholders could elect to receive cash consideration. Mr. Goff believed this
proposed form of consideration would provide the Andeavor stockholders with flexibility regarding whether to retain stock or elect cash. Messrs. Goff
and Heminger also discussed certain provisions in the merger agreement, including MPC’s right to terminate the agreement after a certain date, MPC’s
obligations in seeking regulatory approvals and the termination fee payable by each company.

On April 17, 2018, the MPC board held a telephonic meeting during which Mr. Heminger shared developments respecting the negotiations. Mr.
Griffith, Mr. Donald C. Templin, President of MPC, Mr. Michael J. Hennigan, President of MPLX GP LLC, Ms. Kristina A. Kazarian, Vice President,
Investor Relations of MPC, and Mr. Partee also provided the MPC board with various updates and analyses with respect to the proposed transaction,
which had been prepared by MPC management with the assistance of Barclays. In particular, members of MPC’s executive management team discussed
with the MPC board the recent relative market valuations of MPC and Andeavor and detailed recent due diligence meetings with Andeavor. Members of
MPC’s executive management team also discussed business plan scenarios using three distinct methodologies, focused on an accretion/dilution analysis
at an exchange ratio of 1.87x and addressed several questions from members of the MPC board. MPC’s executive management team then reviewed
potential long-term value drivers of the transaction, including the substantial increase in scale and geographic diversity the transaction would bring to
the MPC asset base, the complementary operational footprint of the Andeavor business, the growth platform for the midstream business, an expanded
retail portfolio, meaningful cost and operating synergies and potentially large IMO benefits. MPC’s executive management team then reviewed the
projected synergies associated with the transaction, which had been developed by MPC’s management team based on their due diligence findings to
date. MPC’s executive management team also presented an exchange ratio analysis, which demonstrated the favorable timing of the transaction relative
to a two-year period, and discussed the pro forma cash and debt levels of the combined company. Finally, MPC’s management team reviewed the
proposed next steps and the anticipated timeline to announcement and closing should the transaction ultimately be approved by the MPC board. The
MPC board expressed its general support for continuing to pursue the transaction with Andeavor.

On April 18, 2018, Mr. Goff updated the board of directors of the general partner of Andeavor Logistics of the status and progress of the
transaction and negotiations between Andeavor and MPC.

On April 18, 2018, S&C delivered to Jones Day a revised draft of the merger agreement, reflecting, among others, the issues discussed by Messrs.
Goff and Heminger on April 16, 2018.

On April 20, 2018, MPC and Barclays entered into the engagement letter for Barclays to be the financial advisor for MPC in connection with its
evaluation of the strategic transaction with Andeavor.

Also on April 20, 2018, Jones Day delivered to S&C a draft form of the voting and support agreement that MPC proposed to be executed by
Mr. Foster and Franklin Mountain Investments, LP.

On April 22, 2018, the Andeavor board held a telephonic meeting with Mr. Sterin, Ms. Rucker and a representative from S&C present. Mr. Goff
provided the board with an update on his discussions with Mr. Heminger and the transaction in general, including an update on the synergies analysis.
Ms. Rucker and a representative from S&C provided the Andeavor board with an update regarding the status of due diligence and material open issues
in the merger agreement, including with respect to the cash/stock election, termination rights and the amount of the termination fee. Mr. Sterin also
presented an update on the financial due diligence for the transaction.
 

-86-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 100/241

Table of Contents

On the evening of April 22, 2018, S&C received a revised draft of the merger agreement from Jones Day. The material open issues in the revised
draft included: (i) whether the parties could terminate the merger agreement and collect the termination fee for any non-material breach of the
non-solicitation provision, obligation to prepare and file the proxy statement or obligation to call a stockholder meeting without notice or opportunity to
cure, (ii) the amount of and relative size of the termination fee, with MPC continuing to request a termination fee that was equal to 3.5% of the equity
value of Andeavor (including the implied transaction premium) for both parties, (iii) a cooperation commitment with respect to receiving antitrust
approvals that did not require MPC to have any divestitures or take any actions, (iv) broad financing cooperation from Andeavor for any potential
financing by MPC for the transaction, (v) employee and executive compensation and benefits matters and (vi) the extent to which Andeavor’s
non-affiliate representatives would be subject to the non-solicitation provisions.

From April 22, 2018 to April 26, 2018, as part of the ongoing due diligence effort, members of management and legal teams, including subject
matter experts, of Andeavor and MPC held a series of conference calls regarding their respective businesses to facilitate the evaluation of the
transaction, including regarding environmental matters, litigation and regulatory compliance, employment and labor issues, as well as their respective
supply and trading businesses, marketing and retail businesses, logistics/midstream operations and refining operations.

From April 23 to April 28, 2018, representatives of MPC, including Mr. Raymond L. Brooks, Senior Vice President, Refining of MPC, conducted
site visits at certain of Andeavor’s refineries in Los Angeles, California, El Paso, Texas, Mandan, North Dakota, Anacortes, Washington and Martinez,
California, as part of ongoing due diligence.

On April 24, 2018, S&C delivered a revised draft of the merger agreement to Jones Day and continued to exchange drafts with Jones Day until
April 29, 2018 to resolve the final open issues relating to the merger agreement. The material open issues that were resolved during this time period
included: (i) the amount of the termination fee(s) payable by MPC and Andeavor and the circumstances in which they would become payable, (ii) the
undertakings required of MPC to obtain governmental approvals for the transaction, (iii) the scope of Andeavor’s obligation to provide certain financial
assistance and cooperation in connection with MPC’s financing activities, (iv) the scope of MPC’s obligation in appointing four Andeavor directors to
MPC’s board following closing of the transaction, (v) the closing conditions related to Andeavor’s representations and warranties made in the merger
agreement and (vi) the extent to which the non-solicitation provisions were applicable to Andeavor’s non-affiliate representatives.

On April 25, 2018, the MPC board met at a regularly scheduled session first with representatives of Jones Day for a discussion of legal
considerations related to the directors’ fiduciary duties in the context of evaluating the strategic combination, and with representatives of Barclays
joining thereafter for the balance of the meeting devoted to the potential transaction. Mr. Heminger and other members of the executive management
team, including Messrs. Templin, Griffith, Brooks, Hennigan, Kaczynski and Partee, reviewed key aspects of the proposed transaction with Andeavor.
The benefits of the strategic combination were discussed, including its formation of a premier nationwide downstream company, significant increase in
market presence and scale, diversified earnings profile, geographically expanded operations, coast-to-coast retail presence, pro forma positioning in light
of IMO standards, pro forma midstream opportunity set and expected resulting synergies. The due diligence process was also discussed, as were pro
forma financing and cash considerations. Representatives of Barclays presented Barclays’ preliminary financial analysis of the proposed transaction and
provided the MPC board with updated written materials regarding Barclays’ material relationships with MPC, Andeavor and other relevant parties to the
proposed transaction.

Also on April 25, 2018, Mr. Heminger shared with the board of the general partner of MPLX LP, the publicly traded master limited partnership
sponsored by MPC, that MPC was evaluating a strategic combination with Andeavor and that he would keep the board apprised.
 

-87-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 101/241

Table of Contents

On April 27, 2018, S&C delivered to Jones Day a revised draft of the voting and support agreement to be executed by Mr. Foster and Franklin
Mountain Investments, LP.

Between April 16 and April 29, 2018, Messrs. Goff and Heminger continued to have discussions regarding various aspects of the transaction,
including open issues in the merger agreement and commitments with respect to employee benefits, retention and compensation. Messrs. Goff and
Heminger also began discussions regarding Mr. Goff’s role with the combined company. On April 20, 2018, Messrs. Goff and Heminger met in person
to discuss transition and integration matters. On April 26, 2018, Messrs. Goff and Heminger held a telephone call to discuss the cash election
mechanism of the merger and agreed to reflect the outcome of that discussion in the merger agreement. On April 28, 2018, Messrs. Goff and Heminger
agreed that Mr. Goff would serve as Executive Vice Chairman of the combined company. The parties thereafter negotiated the terms of Mr. Goff’s letter
agreement in order for him to assume the role of Executive Vice Chairman after the closing of the merger.

On April 29, 2018, the Andeavor board held an in-person meeting for the purpose of considering the proposed transaction with MPC. Ms. Rucker
and representatives of Goldman Sachs and S&C were present. Mr. Goff updated and reviewed with the Andeavor board the status of the discussions with
MPC, noting that the open issues in the merger agreement were resolved. A representative of S&C reviewed with the Andeavor board of directors its
fiduciary duties. Mr. Sterin, attending via teleconference, Ms. Rucker and a representative of S&C summarized to the Andeavor board the financial and
legal due diligence findings. Ms. Rucker and a representative from S&C presented to the Andeavor board an overview of certain matters related to
employee compensation and benefits. A representative of S&C reviewed with the Andeavor board the material terms of the merger agreement.
Representatives of Goldman Sachs presented to the Andeavor board their financial analysis of the proposed strategic transaction as described in the
section entitled “The Merger—Opinion of Goldman Sachs, Andeavor’s Financial Advisor” beginning on page 124. A representative of Goldman Sachs
then delivered to the Andeavor board its oral opinion, which was subsequently confirmed by delivery of a written opinion dated of the same date, to the
effect that, as of such date and based upon and subject to the factors and assumptions set forth therein, the exchange ratio together with the cash
consideration, which is subject to proration and certain other procedures and limitations contained in the merger agreement, as to which procedures and
limitations Goldman Sachs expressed no opinion, to be paid to the holders (other than MPC and its affiliates) of the outstanding shares of Andeavor
common stock pursuant to the merger agreement was fair from a financial point of view to such holders. After considering and discussing the foregoing
and the proposed terms of the merger agreement, and taking into consideration the factors described in the sections entitled “The Merger—
Recommendation of the Andeavor Board and Reasons for the Merger,” “The Merger—Opinion of Goldman Sachs, Andeavor’s Financial Advisor” and
“The Merger—Unaudited Forecasted Financial Information” beginning on page 119, page 124 and page 135, respectively, the members of the
Andeavor board of directors unanimously (i) determined that the merger agreement, the voting agreement, the merger and the other transactions
contemplated thereby were fair to and in the best interests of Andeavor and its stockholders, (ii) approved and declared it advisable that Andeavor enter
into the merger agreement and the voting agreement, substantially in the form presented to the board and (iii) directed that the merger agreement be
submitted to Andeavor’s stockholders for their adoption.

Also on April 29, 2018, the MPC board held a telephonic meeting to receive a final due diligence update, a briefing on the key terms of the
definitive transaction agreements and the fairness opinion of Barclays. Members of MPC executive management, including Messrs. Heminger, Templin
and Brooks, reported on due diligence conclusions, specifically respecting capital spending for refining facilities and the condition of Andeavor’s
refining assets generally. Representatives of Jones Day addressed the Board members on its fiduciary duties in the context of approving an acquisition
such as the strategic transaction with Andeavor. The legal team then presented key terms of the definitive transaction agreements. Thereafter,
representatives of Barclays presented to the MPC board its financial analysis of the proposed transaction and delivered its oral opinion, which was
confirmed by delivery of a written opinion dated as of the same date, to the effect that, as of such date and based upon and subject to the assumptions,
qualifications, limitations and other matters set forth in such opinion, the aggregate merger consideration to be paid by MPC was fair, from a financial
point of view, to MPC. After considering and discussing the foregoing and the proposed terms of the merger agreement, and taking into
 

-88-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 102/241

Table of Contents

consideration the factors described in the sections entitled “The Merger—Recommendation of the MPC Board and Reasons for the Merger,” “The
Merger—Opinion of Barclays, MPC’s Financial Advisor” and “The Merger—Unaudited Forecasted Financial Information” beginning on page 89,
page 93 and page 135, respectively, the members of the MPC board of directors unanimously (i) determined that the merger agreement, the voting
agreement, the merger and the other transactions contemplated thereby were fair to and in the best interests of MPC and its stockholders, (ii) approved
and declared it advisable that MPC enter into the merger agreement and the voting agreement, substantially in the form presented to the board and
(iii) directed that the issuance of shares of MPC common stock in connection with the merger be submitted to MPC’s stockholders for their approval.
Ms. Kazarian reviewed with the MPC board the communications plan for the transaction and investor materials to be released the next day.

Later on April 29, 2018, the merger agreement was executed and delivered by MPC and Andeavor, and the parties exchanged the voting and
support agreement and Mr. Goff’s letter agreement. Early in the morning of April 30, 2018, prior to the commencement of trading on the New York
Stock Exchange, MPC and Andeavor issued a joint press release announcing the transaction.

On July 11, 2018, Goldman Sachs informed Andeavor management that it determined that the range of one-year forward EV/EBITDA multiples
used in the illustrative present value of future share price analyses of 6.0x to 7.0x, which is referred to as the actual multiple range, had been incorrectly
labeled as 6.5x to 7.5x, which is referred to as the presented multiple range, during the April 29 presentation to the Andeavor board. Goldman Sachs
further explained that it had subsequently performed such analyses, as of April 29, 2018, using a one-year forward EV/EBITDA multiple of 7.5x, which
is referred to as the upper end of the presented multiple range, to illustrate the results of such analyses using the presented multiple range that were not
subsumed in the results of such analyses using the actual multiple range as reflected in the April 29 presentation. Goldman Sachs confirmed to Andeavor
management that had Goldman Sachs performed its financial analyses set forth in the April 29 presentation using the presented multiple range, there
would have been no change to the conclusion set forth in the opinion letter of Goldman Sachs.

On July 18, 2018, the Andeavor board held a telephonic meeting. Mr. Sterin, Ms. Rucker and representatives of Goldman Sachs and S&C were
present. During the meeting, representatives of Goldman Sachs presented the results of the illustrative present value of future share price analyses, as of
April 29, 2018, using the actual multiple range and the upper end of the presented multiple range and confirmed that had Goldman Sachs performed its
financial analyses set forth in the April 29 presentation using the presented multiple range, there would have been no change to the conclusion set forth
in the opinion letter of Goldman Sachs, as described in the section entitled “The Merger—Opinion of Goldman Sachs, Andeavor’s Financial Advisor”
beginning on page 123. After considering and discussing the foregoing and the proposed terms of the merger agreement, and taking into consideration
the factors described in the sections entitled “The Merger—Recommendation of the Andeavor Board and Reasons for the Merger,” “The Merger—
Opinion of Goldman Sachs, Andeavor’s Financial Advisor” and “The Merger—Unaudited Forecasted Financial Information” beginning on page 117,
page 122 and page 132, respectively, the members of the Andeavor board unanimously confirmed the Andeavor board’s prior (i) determination that the
merger agreement, the voting agreement, the merger and the other transactions contemplated thereby were fair to and in the best interests of Andeavor
and its stockholders and (ii) direction that the merger agreement be submitted to Andeavor’s stockholders for their adoption.

Recommendation of the MPC Board and Reasons for the Merger

The MPC board unanimously recommends that the MPC stockholders vote “FOR” the MPC issuance proposal.

The MPC board, with the advice and assistance of its financial and legal advisors, negotiated, evaluated, and, at a meeting held on April 29, 2018,
unanimously approved the merger agreement, the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.
 

-89-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 103/241

Table of Contents

In reaching its decision to approve the merger agreement, the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement and to
recommend that MPC stockholders vote in favor of the MPC issuance proposal, the MPC board consulted with its financial and legal advisors and
MPC’s management. After such consultation, the MPC board unanimously determined the proposed merger to be fair to, and in the best interests of,
MPC.

The MPC board’s decision to approve the merger agreement, the merger and the other transactions contemplated thereby and to recommend that
MPC stockholders vote in favor of the MPC issuance proposal was based on a number of factors, including the following (which are not necessarily
presented in order of relative importance):
 

 
•  MPC’s expected business, assets, financial condition, results of operations, business plan and prospects following the completion of the

merger, including the expected pro forma effect of the merger on the combined company.
 

 

•  MPC management’s identification of approximately $1 billion in anticipated annual gross, run-rate synergies, which would be expected to
be realized within the first three years after the combination, in addition to the expected synergies from Andeavor’s acquisition of Western
Refining, and MPC’s past record of successfully integrating acquisitions and of realizing the projected financial goals and benefits of
acquisitions.

 

 
•  That the combination will create a larger, more diversified industry-leading refining, marketing and logistics company, including the general

partner and ownership positions in two high-quality master limited partnerships.
 

 
•  That the combined company will enable further optimization of crude oil supply, provide greater geographic diversity of refining and

midstream assets and present an attractive growth platform for the midstream and retail businesses.
 

 
•  The attractiveness of the merger to MPC in comparison to other acquisition opportunities reasonably available to MPC, including the belief

that MPC and Andeavor share similar approaches to employing an integrated business model for marketing, refining and logistics.
 

 
•  MPC management’s expectation that the increased size, scale, and resources of MPC following the merger would incrementally generate in

excess of $5 billion of free cash flow over the next five years, based on the free cash flow estimates of Andeavor as provided by Andeavor
and adjusted by MPC plus expected synergies (net of certain one-time costs).

 

 
•  The MPC board’s knowledge of, and discussions with MPC management regarding, MPC’s business operations, financial condition,

earnings and prospects and its knowledge of Andeavor’s business, operations, financial condition, earnings and prospects, taking into
account Andeavor’s publicly filed information and the results of MPC’s due diligence investigation of Andeavor.

 

 
•  The mix of stock consideration and cash consideration to be offered by MPC in the merger and the expectation that the merger would be

accretive to MPC earnings per share and cash flow per share.
 

 
•  That the cash flow of the combined company following the merger could provide additional opportunities to return value to stockholders,

including through dividends and share repurchases.
 

 
•  The perceived similarity in corporate cultures, which would facilitate the integration of Andeavor into the MPC corporate group and

promote alignment on matters of safety, environmental stewardship and corporate citizenship.
 

 
•  The financial analysis reviewed and discussed with the MPC board by representatives of Barclays, as well as the oral opinion of Barclays

rendered on April 29, 2018 and the written opinion of Barclays, dated April 29, 2018, to the MPC board to the effect that as of that date, and
subject to the assumptions, limitations, qualifications and other matters set forth in the written opinion, the aggregate merger

 
-90-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 104/241

Table of Contents

 
consideration to be paid by MPC is fair from a financial point of view to MPC. See the section entitled “The Merger—Opinion of Barclays,
MPC’s Financial Advisor” beginning on page 93. The full text of the written opinion of Barclays is attached as Annex C to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.

 

 
•  That the combined company would benefit from the continued strong leadership of MPC’s experienced chairman and chief executive officer

and that the addition of four current members of the Andeavor board to the MPC board post-merger would add further valuable expertise
and experience and in-depth familiarity with Andeavor to the MPC board.

 

 

•  The review by the MPC board with its legal and financial advisors of the structure of the proposed merger and the financial and other terms
of the merger agreement, including each party’s representations, warranties and covenants, the conditions to each party’s obligations and the
termination provisions and related termination fees payable by each party, as well as the likelihood of consummation of the proposed merger
and the MPC board’s evaluation of the likely time period necessary to close the merger.

The MPC board also considered the following specific aspects of the merger agreement (which are not necessarily presented in order of relative
importance):
 

 
•  The MPC board’s belief that the terms of the merger agreement, including each party’s representations, warranties and covenants and the

conditions to each party’s obligations, are comprehensive and favorable to completing the proposed transaction.
 

 
•  That the exchange ratio applicable to the stock consideration is fixed and will not fluctuate in the event that the market price of Andeavor

common stock increases relative to the market price of MPC common stock between the date of the merger agreement and the completion of
the merger.

 

 
•  That the aggregate cash consideration is fixed, which gives MPC additional certainty regarding the amount of cash required to be paid by

MPC to consummate the merger.
 

 

•  The fact that there are limited circumstances in which the Andeavor board may terminate the merger agreement or change its
recommendation that its stockholders approve the Andeavor merger proposal, and if the merger agreement is terminated by MPC as a result
of a change in recommendation of the Andeavor board or by Andeavor in order to enter into a definitive agreement with a third party
providing for the consummation of an Andeavor alternative proposal, then in each case, Andeavor has agreed to pay MPC a fee of
$600 million, and if the merger agreement is terminated by either party because Andeavor stockholders have not adopted the merger
agreement upon a vote taken thereon, then Andeavor has agreed to pay MPC its fees and expenses up to a cap of $75 million.

In the course of its deliberations, the MPC board also considered a variety of risks, uncertainties and other potentially negative factors, including
the following (which are not necessarily presented in order of relative importance):
 

 

•  The risks and costs to MPC if the merger is not completed, including the diversion of management and employee attention, and the potential
effect on MPC’s stock price, and that, while the merger is expected to be completed, there is no assurance that all conditions to the parties’
obligations to complete the merger will be satisfied or waived, and as a result, it is possible that the merger might not be completed at all or
in a timely fashion, even if MPC stockholders approve the MPC issuance proposal and Andeavor stockholders approve the Andeavor merger
proposal.

 

 
•  That Andeavor’s stockholders may not approve the merger proposal or that MPC’s stockholders may not approve the MPC issuance

proposal.
 

 
•  That, if the merger agreement is terminated by either party because MPC’s stockholders have not approved the MPC stock issuance upon a

vote taken at the MPC stockholders meeting, MPC would be required to pay Andeavor its fees and expenses up to a cap of $75 million.
 

-91-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 105/241

Table of Contents

 
•  The risk that regulatory agencies may not approve the merger or may impose terms and conditions on their approvals that adversely affect

the business and financial results of MPC following the merger as more fully described in the section entitled “The Merger—Regulatory
Approvals” beginning on page 144.

 

 
•  That the exchange ratio applicable to the stock consideration is fixed and will not fluctuate in the event that the market price of MPC

common stock increases relative to the market price of Andeavor common stock between the date of the merger agreement and the
completion of the merger.

 

 •  The transaction costs to be incurred in connection with the merger.
 

 

•  That the merger agreement imposes limitations on MPC’s ability to solicit alternative transactions involving a change of control of MPC
prior to closing or to terminate the merger agreement, including a requirement to pay a $800 million termination fee in certain circumstances
if MPC either changes its recommendation with respect to the share issuance proposal or terminates the merger agreement to enter into a
definitive acquisition agreement providing for the consummation of an MPC acquisition proposal.

 

 
•  That the merger agreement imposes limitations on MPC’s ability to make additional acquisitions that may impact the regulatory approval

processes for the merger, and on MPC’s ability to make stock repurchases at a premium during the pendency of the merger.
 

 
•  That the pending merger might discourage a third party from making an MPC acquisition proposal or change the terms on which a third

party would be willing to make an acquisition proposal, and the opportunity cost to MPC of pursuing the merger instead of other acquisition
opportunities potentially available to MPC.

 

 
•  The ownership dilution to pre-merger holders of MPC common stock as a result of the issuance of MPC common stock in connection with

the merger.
 

 
•  The risks associated with the occurrence of events that may materially and adversely affect the financial condition, properties, assets,

liabilities, business or results of operations of Andeavor and/or its subsidiaries but not entitle MPC to terminate the merger agreement.
 

 

•  The risk that MPC may not realize all of the synergies and other anticipated strategic and other benefits of the merger, including as a result
of the challenges of integrating the businesses, operations and workforces of MPC and Andeavor, the risk that expected operating
efficiencies and cost savings may not be realized or will cost more to achieve than anticipated, and the risk that divestitures or other
accommodations required by antitrust regulatory authorities may decrease or eliminate the anticipated strategic and other benefits of the
merger to MPC.

 

 •  Various other risks described in the section entitled “Risk Factors” beginning on page 49.

The members of the MPC board considered all of these factors as a whole and unanimously concluded that they supported a determination to
approve the merger agreement, the merger and the other transactions contemplated thereby. The foregoing discussion of the information and factors
considered by the MPC board is not exhaustive. In view of the wide variety of factors considered by the MPC board in connection with its evaluation of
the merger and the complexity of these matters, the MPC board did not consider it practical to, nor did it attempt to, quantify, rank or otherwise assign
relative weights to the specific factors that it considered in reaching its decision. In considering the factors described above and any other factors,
individual members of the MPC board may have viewed factors differently or given different weight or merit to different factors.

The foregoing discussion of the information and factors considered by the MPC board is forward-looking in nature. This information should be
read in light of the factors described in the section entitled “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” beginning on page 47.
 

-92-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 106/241

Table of Contents

Opinion of Barclays, MPC’s Financial Advisor

MPC retained Barclays as its financial advisor in connection with a potential strategic transaction with Andeavor. On April 29, 2018, Barclays
rendered to the MPC board its oral opinion, which was subsequently confirmed by delivery of a written opinion dated April 29, 2018, that, as of such
date and based upon and subject to the assumptions, limitations, qualifications and other matters set forth in its written opinion, a copy of which is
attached hereto as Annex C, the aggregate merger consideration to be paid by MPC is fair, from a financial point of view, to MPC.

The full text of Barclays’ written opinion, dated as of April 29, 2018, is attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus as Annex C, and is
incorporated by reference herein in its entirety. Barclays’ written opinion sets forth, among other things, the assumptions made, procedures followed,
factors considered and limitations upon the review undertaken by Barclays in rendering its opinion. You are encouraged to read the opinion carefully in
its entirety. The following is a summary of Barclays’ opinion and the methodology that Barclays used to render its opinion. This summary is qualified in
its entirety by reference to the full text of the opinion.

Barclays’ opinion, the issuance of which was approved by Barclays’ Fairness Opinion Committee, is for the use and benefit of the MPC board and
was rendered to the MPC board, and addressed only the fairness, from a financial point of view, to MPC of the aggregate merger consideration to be
paid by MPC, and did not address any other term or aspect of the merger agreement or the merger. Barclays’ opinion is not intended to be, and does not
constitute a recommendation to any stockholder of MPC as to how such stockholder should vote with respect to the merger or any other matter,
including whether such stockholder should continue to hold or sell its MPC common stock prior to or after the MPC special meeting. The terms of the
merger were determined through arm’s-length negotiations between MPC and Andeavor and were unanimously approved by the board of directors of
MPC. Barclays did not recommend any specific form of consideration to MPC or that any specific form of consideration constituted the only
appropriate consideration for the merger. Elections by Andeavor stockholders for either the stock consideration or the cash consideration will be subject
to proration and adjustment procedures set forth in the merger agreement, as to which procedures Barclays expressed no view or opinion. For its
analysis, Barclays assumed the aggregate cash consideration would equal 15% of the aggregate merger consideration and the aggregate stock
consideration would equal 85% of the aggregate merger consideration, each on a fully diluted basis and in accordance with the terms and conditions set
forth in the merger agreement. Barclays was not requested to address, and its opinion does not in any manner address, MPC’s underlying business
decision to proceed with or effect the merger or the likelihood of consummation of the merger. Barclays’ opinion does not address the relative merits of
the merger as compared to any other transaction or business strategy in which MPC might engage. In addition, Barclays expressed no opinion on, and its
opinion does not in any manner address, (i) the fairness of the amount or the nature of any compensation to any officers, directors or employees of any
parties to the merger, or any class of such persons, relative to the aggregate merger consideration to be offered to the holders of Andeavor common stock
in the merger or otherwise; (ii) the allocation of the aggregate merger consideration as among holders of Andeavor common stock who receive the cash
consideration or the stock consideration; or (iii) the relative fairness of the cash consideration and the stock consideration.

In arriving at its opinion, Barclays, among other things:
 

 •  reviewed and analyzed a draft of the merger agreement, dated as of April 29, 2018, and the specific terms of the merger;
 

 
•  reviewed and analyzed a draft of a voting and support agreement, dated as of April 29, 2018, by and among MPC, Andeavor, Merger Sub 1,

and Merger Sub 2, on the one hand, and Paul L. Foster and Franklin Mountain Investments, LP, on the other;
 

 
•  reviewed and analyzed publicly available information concerning MPC and Andeavor that it believed to be relevant to its analysis, including

annual reports on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017, filed by each of MPC, Andeavor, MPLX and Andeavor Logistics
with the SEC;

 
-93-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 107/241

Table of Contents

 
•  reviewed and analyzed financial and operating information with respect to the business, operations and prospects of MPC furnished to it by

MPC, including the revised MPC unaudited forecasted financial information. For more information, see the section entitled “The Merger—
Unaudited Forecasted Financial Information” beginning on page 135;

 

 

•  reviewed and analyzed financial and operating information with respect to the business, operations and prospects of Andeavor, furnished to
it by Andeavor and MPC, including the Andeavor adjusted unaudited forecasted financial information and Andeavor modified unaudited
forecasted financial information. For more information, see the section entitled “The Merger—Unaudited Forecasted Financial Information”
beginning on page 135;

 

 
•  reviewed and analyzed the trading history of the MPC common stock from April 27, 2016 to April 27, 2018 and the trading history of

Andeavor common stock and shares of certain other companies it deemed relevant over the same period;
 

 
•  reviewed and analyzed a comparison of the historical financial results and present and projected financial condition of MPC (and MPLX)

and Andeavor (and Andeavor Logistics), in each case, with those of other companies that it deemed relevant;
 

 
•  reviewed and analyzed a comparison of certain of the financial terms of the merger with the financial terms of certain other transactions that

it deemed relevant;
 

 
•  reviewed and analyzed published estimates of independent research analysts with respect to the future financial performance and price

targets of MPC and Andeavor;
 

 
•  reviewed and analyzed the relative contributions of MPC and Andeavor to the future financial performance of the combined company on a

pro forma basis;
 

 
•  reviewed and analyzed the pro forma impact of the merger on the future financial performance of the combined company, including cost

savings, operating synergies and other strategic benefits expected by MPC management to result from the merger, including the anticipated
cost of achieving such synergies and benefits, furnished to Barclays by MPC for purposes of Barclays’ analysis;

 

 
•  had discussions with the management of MPC and Andeavor concerning their respective businesses, operations, assets, liabilities, financial

condition and prospects; and
 

 •  undertook such other studies, analyses and investigations as it deemed appropriate.

In arriving at its opinion, Barclays assumed and relied upon the accuracy and completeness of the financial and other information used by it
without any independent verification of such information (and had not assumed responsibility or liability for any independent verification of such
information) and further relied upon the assurances of the management of MPC that they were not aware of any facts or circumstances that would make
such information inaccurate or misleading. Upon the advice and at the direction of MPC, Barclays assumed that the revised MPC unaudited forecasted
financial information was reasonably prepared on a basis reflecting the best currently available estimates and judgments of the management of MPC as
to the financial performance of MPC and its operating segments and that MPC would perform substantially in accordance with such projections. With
respect to the Andeavor adjusted unaudited forecasted financial information, upon the advice and at the direction of MPC, Barclays assumed that such
information (to the extent prepared by Andeavor) was reasonably prepared on a basis reflecting the best currently available estimates and judgments of
Andeavor as to the financial performance of Andeavor and its operating segments. With respect to the Andeavor modified unaudited forecasted financial
information, upon the advice and at the direction of MPC, Barclays assumed that such information was reasonably prepared on a basis reflecting the best
currently available estimates and judgments of the management of MPC as to the financial performance of Andeavor and that Andeavor and its
operating segments would perform substantially in accordance with such projections. With respect to the MPC price deck assumptions, upon the advice
and at the direction of MPC, Barclays assumed that the information reflected the best currently available estimates and judgments of the management of
MPC. With respect to the synergies
 

-94-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 108/241

Table of Contents

expected to be achieved as a result of the merger, which are referred to as the expected synergies, upon the advice and at the direction of MPC, Barclays
assumed that the expected synergies were reasonably prepared on a basis reflecting the best currently available estimates and judgments of the
management of MPC, including as to the amount, timing and cost of realization and will be realized in accordance with such estimates. Barclays relied,
at the direction of MPC, on the revised MPC unaudited forecasted financial information, the MPC price deck assumptions, the Andeavor adjusted
unaudited forecasted financial information, the Andeavor modified unaudited forecasted financial information, the MPC price deck assumptions and the
expected synergies, and Barclays assumed no responsibility for and it expressed no view as to the estimates or the assumptions on which the projections
were based. In arriving at its opinion, Barclays did not conduct a physical inspection of the properties and facilities of MPC or those of Andeavor and
did not make or obtain any evaluations or appraisals of the assets or liabilities of MPC or those of Andeavor. Barclays’ opinion necessarily was based
upon market, economic, regulatory and other conditions as they existed on, and could be evaluated as of the date of the opinion. Barclays assumed no
responsibility for updating or revising its opinion based on events or circumstances that may occur after April 29, 2018. In addition, Barclays expressed
no opinion as to the prices at which (i) the MPC common stock or Andeavor common stock will trade at any time following the announcement of the
merger or (ii) the MPC common stock will trade at any time following the consummation of the merger. Barclays’ opinion should not be viewed as
providing any assurance that the market value of the MPC common stock to be held by the stockholders of MPC after the consummation of the merger
will be in excess of the market value of the shares of the MPC common stock owned by such stockholders at any time prior to the announcement or
consummation of the merger.

In arriving at its opinion, Barclays assumed that the executed merger agreement would conform in all material respects to the last draft reviewed
by Barclays. In addition, Barclays assumed the accuracy of the representations and warranties contained in the merger agreement and the other
agreements related to the merger agreement. Barclays also assumed, upon the advice of MPC, that all governmental, regulatory and third party
approvals, consents and releases for the merger, that in each case were material to Barclays’ analyses and its opinion, would be obtained within the
constraints contemplated by the merger agreement and that the merger would be consummated in accordance with the terms of the merger agreement
without waiver, modification or amendment of any material term, condition or agreement thereof or change in any applicable law. Barclays did not
express any opinion as to any tax or other consequences that might result from the merger, nor did its opinion address any legal, tax, regulatory or
accounting matters, as to which Barclays understood that MPC had obtained such advice as it deemed necessary from qualified professionals.

In connection with rendering its opinion, Barclays performed certain financial, comparative and other analyses as summarized below. In arriving
at its opinion, Barclays did not ascribe a specific range of values to the shares of MPC or Andeavor common stock but rather made its determination as
to fairness, from a financial point of view, to MPC of the aggregate merger consideration to be paid by MPC on the basis of various financial and
comparative analyses. The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process and involves various determinations as to the most appropriate and
relevant methods of financial and comparative analyses and the application of those methods to the particular circumstances. Therefore, a fairness
opinion is not readily susceptible to summary description.

In arriving at its opinion, Barclays did not attribute any particular weight to any single analysis or factor considered by it but rather made
qualitative judgments as to the significance and relevance of each analysis and factor relative to all other analyses and factors performed and considered
by it and in the context of the circumstances of the particular transaction. Accordingly, Barclays believes that its analyses must be considered as a whole,
as considering any portion of such analyses and factors, without considering all analyses and factors as a whole, could create a misleading or incomplete
view of the process underlying its opinion.
 

-95-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 109/241

Table of Contents

Summary of the Financial Analyses of MPC’s Financial Advisor

The following is a summary of the material financial analyses as presented by Barclays to the MPC board in connection with rendering Barclays’
opinion described above. The following summary does not purport to be a complete description of the financial analyses performed or factors
considered by Barclays nor does the order of analyses described represent the relative importance or weight given to those analyses by Barclays.
Barclays may have deemed various assumptions more or less probable than other assumptions, so the reference ranges resulting from any particular
portion of the analyses summarized below should not be taken to be Barclays’ view of the actual values of MPC or Andeavor. Some of the summaries of
the financial analyses set forth below include information presented in tabular format. The tables must be read together with the text of each summary,
as the tables alone do not constitute a complete description of the financial analyses performed by Barclays. Considering the data in the tables below
without considering all financial analyses or factors or the full narrative description of such analyses or factors, including the methodologies and
assumptions underlying such analyses or factors, could create a misleading or incomplete view of the processes underlying the financial analyses of
Barclays and its opinion. In performing its analyses and reviews, Barclays made numerous assumptions with respect to industry performance, general
business, economic, market and financial conditions and other matters, many of which are beyond the control of MPC or any other parties to the merger.
No company, business or transaction considered in Barclays’ analyses and reviews is identical to MPC, Andeavor, MPLX, Andeavor Logistics, Merger
Sub 1, Merger Sub 2, or the merger, and an evaluation of the results of those analyses and reviews is not entirely mathematical. Rather, the analyses and
reviews involve complex considerations and judgments concerning financial and operating characteristics and other factors that could affect the
acquisition, public trading or other values of the companies, businesses or transactions considered in Barclays’ analyses and reviews. None of MPC,
Andeavor, Merger Sub 1, Merger Sub 2, Barclays or any other person assumes responsibility if future results are materially different from those
discussed. Any estimates contained in these analyses are not necessarily indicative of actual values or predictive of future results or values, which may
be significantly more or less favorable than as set forth below. In addition, analyses relating to the value of the businesses or securities do not purport to
be appraisals or reflect the prices at which the businesses or securities may actually be sold. Accordingly, the estimates used in, and the results derived
from, Barclays’ analyses and reviews are inherently subject to substantial uncertainty. Except as otherwise noted, the following quantitative information,
to the extent that it is based on market data, is based on market data as it existed on or before April 27, 2018 (the last trading day before the public
announcement of the merger) and is not necessarily indicative of current market conditions.

Discounted Cash Flow Analysis

In order to estimate the present value of MPC common stock and Andeavor common stock, Barclays performed a discounted cash flow, which is
referred to as DCF, analysis of MPC and Andeavor as standalone companies, excluding the expected synergies. See the section entitled “The Merger—
Opinion of Barclays, MPC’s Financial Advisor—Expected Synergies Analysis” beginning on page 99 below for a summary of the expected synergies. A
DCF analysis is a method of evaluating an asset using estimates of the future unlevered free cash flows generated by the asset and taking into
consideration the time value of money with respect to those future cash flows by calculating their “present value.” “Present value” refers to the current
value of estimated future cash flows generated by the asset, and is obtained by discounting those cash flows (including the asset’s terminal value) back
to the present using a discount rate that takes into account macroeconomic assumptions and estimates of risk, the opportunity cost of capital and other
relevant factors. “Terminal value” refers to the capitalized value of all estimated cash flows generated by an asset during periods beyond the final
forecast period.

To calculate an implied enterprise value range of MPC as a standalone company using the DCF methodology, first, Barclays utilized the unlevered
free cash flows (defined as consolidated net income plus depreciation and amortization and tax-adjusted interest expense, less capital expenditures and
adjusted for other non-cash items) for fiscal years 2018E through 2022E implied by the revised MPC unaudited forecasted financial
 

-96-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 110/241

Table of Contents

information, which is referred to as the MPC calculated unlevered free cash flow of MPC. Second, at the direction of MPC management, the MPC
calculated unlevered free cash flow of MPC was further adjusted to exclude the portion of MPLX unlevered free cash flow attributable to the
noncontrolling interest in MPLX (based on the public limited partner ownership of MPLX as of April 26, 2018 of 38.8% and total units outstanding of
824.743 (in millions), as provided by MPC management, and assuming the conversion to common units of MPLX’s convertible preferred units, which
are referred to as the MPLX public ownership percentage and MPLX unit count, respectively).

Barclays also utilized an MPC terminal value range calculated as the product of (a) an estimate of MPC terminal earnings before interest, taxes,
depreciation and amortization, which is referred to as EBITDA, based on the revised MPC unaudited forecasted financial information provided by MPC
management and (b) a terminal EBITDA multiple reference range of 7.50x to 8.50x. The terminal EBITDA multiples were selected based on Barclays’
professional judgment and experience, taking into account information from the selected comparable company analysis and the selected comparable
transactions analysis, each as further described in this section. Accordingly, an evaluation of the results of this analysis is not entirely mathematical.
Rather, the analysis used to determine a terminal EBITDA multiple reference range involves complex considerations and judgments concerning
differences in industry fundamentals between historical and current time periods, company financial and operating characteristics and other factors that
were specific to particular precedent transactions or could affect the public trading or other values of the companies to which MPC was compared. For
purposes of calculating the terminal value range, a terminal EBITDA estimate was calculated as the five-year (2018E-2022E) average of consolidated
EBITDA based upon MPC unaudited forecasted financial information provided by MPC management and adjusted to exclude the portion of MPLX
EBITDA attributable to the noncontrolling interest in MPLX (based on the MPLX public ownership percentage and MPLX unit count). Calculations
were based on the revised MPC unaudited forecasted financial information, using assumptions that Barclays was directed to use by MPC management.

The MPC calculated unlevered free cash flow of MPC and terminal value range for MPC were then discounted to an assumed transaction closing
date of January 1, 2018 to derive an implied enterprise value range. This calculation used a discount rate reference range of 8.50% to 10.00%, which
was applied by Barclays based upon its analysis of and professional judgment regarding the weighted average cost of capital, which is referred to as
WACC, for MPC, Andeavor and selected comparable companies.

An implied equity value range of MPC was derived from the implied enterprise value range by subtracting the pro forma, proportionate,
consolidated net debt of MPC at December 31, 2017 of $7,255 million, calculated as follows: (i) the consolidated net debt of MPC at December 31,
2017 of $11,689 million, as provided by MPC management (with pro forma adjustments as provided by MPC management for certain asset
contributions and share repurchases subsequent to such date), which consolidated amount is referred to as the pro forma, consolidated net debt of MPC
at December 31, 2017, excluding (ii) the portion of the pro forma net debt of MPLX at December 31, 2017 of $11,426 million (as provided by MPC
management (with pro forma adjustments as provided by MPC management for certain asset contributions and share repurchases subsequent to such
date), which is referred to as the pro forma net debt of MPLX at December 31, 2017) attributable to the noncontrolling interest in MPLX (based on the
MPLX public ownership percentage and MPLX unit count), such proportionate amount referred to as the pro forma, proportionate, consolidated net debt
of MPC at December 31, 2017. The implied MPC equity value range so derived was then converted to an implied MPC per share equity value reference
range using 467.341 (in millions), the fully diluted share count of MPC as of April 26, 2018, as provided by MPC management, which is referred to as
the MPC share count. The results of the analysis implied a per share equity value reference range for shares of MPC common stock of $75.25 to $89.75.

To calculate an implied enterprise value range of Andeavor using the DCF methodology, first, Barclays utilized the unlevered free cash flows
(defined as consolidated net income plus depreciation and amortization and tax-adjusted interest expense, less capital expenditures and adjusted for
other non-cash items) of Andeavor, which is referred to as the MPC calculated unlevered cash flow of Andeavor, for fiscal years 2018E through
 

-97-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 111/241

Table of Contents

2022E, implied by the Andeavor modified unaudited forecasted financial information. Second, at the direction of MPC management, the MPC
calculated unlevered cash flow of Andeavor was further adjusted to exclude the portion of Andeavor Logistics unlevered free cash flow attributable to
the noncontrolling interest in Andeavor Logistics (based on the public limited partner ownership of Andeavor Logistics of 41.1% and total units
outstanding of 217.188 (in millions) as of April 26, 2018, as provided by Andeavor management and approved by MPC management for Barclays’ use
in its analysis, which are referred to as the Andeavor Logistics public ownership percentage and Andeavor Logistics unit count, respectively).

Barclays also utilized an Andeavor terminal value range calculated as the product of (a) an estimate of terminal EBITDA based on the Andeavor
modified unaudited forecasted financial information provided by MPC management and (b) a terminal EBITDA multiple reference range of 7.50x to
8.50x. The terminal EBITDA multiples were selected based on Barclays’ professional judgment and experience, taking into account information from
the selected comparable company analysis and selected comparable transactions analysis, each as further described in this section. Accordingly, an
evaluation of the results of this analysis is not entirely mathematical. Rather, the analysis used to determine a terminal EBITDA multiple reference range
involves complex considerations and judgments concerning differences in industry fundamentals between historical and current time periods, company
financial and operating characteristics and other factors that were specific to precedent transactions or could affect the public trading or other values of
the companies to which Andeavor was compared. For purposes of calculating the terminal value range, a terminal EBITDA estimate was calculated as
the five-year (2018E-2022E) average of consolidated EBITDA based upon Andeavor unaudited forecasted financial information provided by MPC
management and adjusted to exclude the portion of Andeavor Logistics EBITDA attributable to the noncontrolling interest in Andeavor Logistics (based
on the Andeavor Logistics public ownership percentage and Andeavor Logistics unit count). Calculations were based on the Andeavor adjusted
unaudited forecasted financial information and Andeavor modified unaudited forecasted financial information, using assumptions that Barclays was
instructed to use by MPC management.

The MPC calculated unlevered free cash flow of Andeavor and terminal value range for Andeavor were then discounted to an assumed transaction
closing date of January 1, 2018 to derive an implied enterprise value range. This calculation used a discount rate reference range of 8.50% to 10.00%,
which was applied by Barclays based upon its analysis of and professional judgment regarding the WACC for Andeavor, MPC and selected comparable
companies.

An implied equity value range of Andeavor was derived from the implied enterprise value range by subtracting the pro forma proportionate,
consolidated net debt and preferred equity of Andeavor at December 31, 2017 of $6,080 million, calculated as follows: (i) the consolidated net debt and
preferred equity of Andeavor at December 31, 2017 of $7,988 million, as provided by Andeavor management and approved by MPC management for
Barclays’ use in its analysis (with pro forma adjustments, as provided by Andeavor management and approved by MPC management for Barclays’ use
in its analysis, for certain share repurchases subsequent to such date), which consolidated amount is referred to as the pro forma, consolidated net debt
and preferred equity of Andeavor at December 31, 2017, excluding (ii) the portion of the net debt and preferred equity of Andeavor Logistics at
December 31, 2017 of $4,641 million (as provided by Andeavor management and approved by MPC management for Barclays’ use in its analysis,
which is referred to as the net debt and preferred equity of Andeavor Logistics at December 31, 2017) attributable to the noncontrolling interest in
Andeavor Logistics (based on the Andeavor Logistics public ownership percentage and Andeavor Logistics unit count), such proportionate amount
referred to as the pro forma, proportionate, consolidated net debt and preferred equity of Andeavor at December 31, 2017. In addition, the net present
value of certain incremental health, environmental and safety capital expenditures provided by MPC management (using the same 8.50% to 10.00%
discount rate reference range) was subtracted from the implied enterprise value range, which is referred to as the net present value of certain incremental
health, environmental and safety capital expenditures. The implied Andeavor equity value range so derived was then converted to an implied per share
Andeavor equity value range using 152.904 (in millions), the fully diluted share count of Andeavor as of April 26, 2018, as provided by Andeavor
management and approved by MPC management for Barclays’ use in its analysis which is referred to as the Andeavor share count. The results of the
analysis implied a per share equity value reference range for shares of Andeavor common stock of $138.00 to $167.25.
 

-98-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 112/241

Table of Contents

Barclays separately performed a DCF analysis to derive an implied per share reference valuation range for the expected synergies. See the section
entitled “The Merger—Opinion of Barclays, MPC’s Financial Advisor—Expected Synergies Analysis” below. Barclays’ analysis implied an expected
synergy value per Andeavor share reference range of $41.75 to $49.00. Barclays then added the low and high ends of the expected synergy value per
Andeavor share reference range to the low and high ends, respectively, of the implied per share equity value reference range for shares of Andeavor
common stock to derive a per share equity value reference range taking into account the expected synergies. Barclays’ analysis implied a per share
equity value reference range for shares of Andeavor common stock, taking into account the value of the expected synergies, of $179.75 to $216.25.

Barclays noted that the implied $152.27 per share value of the aggregate per share merger consideration (based on the transaction exchange ratio
of 1.87x and MPC’s closing share price as of April 27, 2018), which also equals the per share cash consideration to be paid in the merger, is within the
per share equity value reference range for Andeavor implied by Barclays’ aforementioned analyses when the expected synergies are excluded and below
such per share equity value reference range for Andeavor when the expected synergies are included.

Expected Synergies Analysis

In order to value the synergies expected to be achieved by MPC and Andeavor on a combined basis, Barclays performed a DCF analysis taking
into account the amount and timing of expected pre-tax EBITDA and capital expenditure synergies, as provided by MPC management. The total gross
expected synergies were calculated by combining the gross expected pre-tax EBITDA synergies with gross expected capital expenditure synergies.
Additionally, for purposes of this analysis, Barclays deducted certain non-recurring one-time costs from the gross expected synergies, as provided by
MPC management.

The following table presents the gross expected synergies, estimated non-recurring one-time costs and estimated capital expenditures associated
with achieving such synergies used by Barclays by year, as provided by MPC management:
 

(in millions) (a)   Expected Synergies  
   December 31,  
   2019E    2020E    2021E    2022E 
Gross EBITDA Synergies   $ 465   $ 662   $ 866   $ 912 
One-Time Costs Related to EBITDA Synergies   ($208)   ($ 93)   ($ 10)   $ –   

    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

EBITDA Synergies Net of One-Time Costs   $ 257   $ 569   $ 856   $ 912 

Gross Capital Expenditure Synergies   $ 18   $ 48   $ 83   $ 83
One-Time Capital Expenditures Related to Synergies   ($ 98)   ($226)   ($240)    –   

    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

Capital Expenditure Synergies Net of One-Time Capital Expenditures   ($ 80)   ($178)   ($157)   $ 83 

Total Gross Expected Synergies   $ 482   $ 710   $ 949   $ 995 
 
(a) Certain totals in the tables included in this joint proxy statement/prospectus may not sum due to rounding.

A terminal value of the expected synergies was derived based on the application of a 7.50x-8.50x terminal multiple reference range to the 2022E
EBITDA synergies and a 2.0% perpetuity growth rate to the 2022E capital expenditure savings. The terminal EBITDA multiples and perpetuity growth
rate were selected based on Barclays’ professional judgment and experience, taking into account information from the selected comparable company
analysis and selected comparable transactions analysis, each as further described in this section. The synergies and terminal value range were discounted
back to an assumed January 1, 2018 transaction closing date on an after-tax basis using an 8.50% to 10.00% discount rate reference range, based on both
the WACC analyses performed by Barclays in connection with the MPC and Andeavor DCF analyses described above, and a 24% marginal tax rate
assumption, as provided by MPC management. The implied after-tax valuation range for the
 

-99-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 113/241

Table of Contents

expected synergies was divided by the Andeavor share count, to derive an implied expected synergy value per Andeavor share reference range. The
results of this analysis implied an expected synergy value per Andeavor share reference range of $41.75 to $49.00, relative to a share of Andeavor
common stock.

References to expected synergies in the section entitled “The Merger—Opinion of Barclays, MPC’s Financial Advisor” refer to the expected
synergies set forth in this section entitled “The Merger—Opinion of Barclays, MPC’s Financial Advisor—Expected Synergies Analysis.”

Selected Comparable Company Analysis

Barclays reviewed and compared certain financial information, ratios and multiples for MPC, Andeavor, MPLX, Andeavor Logistics and certain
other publicly traded companies. Barclays calculated and compared the financial information, ratios and multiples (i) for MPC and MPLX, based on the
revised MPC unaudited forecasted financial information and equity analyst estimates, (ii) for Andeavor and Andeavor Logistics, based on the Andeavor
modified forecasted financial information and equity analyst estimates, (iii) for the selected comparable companies, based on information that Barclays
obtained from public filings, publicly available third-party equity analyst estimates, and (iv) the closing share and unit prices for common equity of
MPC, Andeavor, MPLX, Andeavor Logistics and the selected comparable companies from publicly available market data as of April 27, 2018.

With respect to MPC and Andeavor, Barclays reviewed historical and projected financial data for three selected publicly traded refining and
marketing companies that Barclays, based on its experience in the industry and judgment as a financial advisor, deemed comparable to MPC and
Andeavor with respect to a number of factors including size, operational profile and other business characteristics, which is referred to as the selected
refining C-corp comparable company analysis. In particular, Barclays selected the refining C-corp comparable companies because they were publicly
traded independent refining companies with a market capitalization above $10 billion and a similar asset profile to MPC and Andeavor. With respect to
MPLX and Andeavor Logistics, Barclays reviewed historical and projected financial data for ten selected midstream companies that Barclays, based on
its experience in the industry and judgment as a financial advisor, deemed comparable to MPLX and Andeavor Logistics with respect to a number of
factors, including size, operational profile and other business characteristics, which is referred to as the selected midstream comparable company
analysis. In particular, Barclays selected the midstream comparable companies because they were publicly traded midstream companies with a market
capitalization above $2 billion and a similar asset and/or growth profile to MPLX and Andeavor Logistics. None of the selected comparable companies
used in this analysis is identical or directly comparable to MPC, Andeavor, MPLX or Andeavor Logistics. Accordingly, an evaluation of the results of
this analysis is not entirely mathematical and involved qualitative judgments in determining the appropriate ranges to apply for purposes of Barclays’
analyses. Rather, this analysis involves complex considerations and judgments concerning differences in businesses, operations, financial conditions and
prospects and other factors that could affect the public trading or other values of the companies to which MPC, Andeavor, MPLX or Andeavor Logistics
were compared. The reasons for and the circumstances surrounding each of the selected comparable companies analyzed were diverse, and there are
inherent differences between the businesses, operations, financial conditions and prospects of MPC, Andeavor, MPLX and Andeavor Logistics and the
companies and businesses included in the selected comparable companies analysis. Accordingly, Barclays believed that a purely quantitative
comparable companies analysis would not be particularly meaningful in the context of considering the companies. Barclays therefore made qualitative
judgments concerning differences between the characteristics of the selected comparable companies and MPC, Andeavor, MPLX and Andeavor
Logistics, which would affect the acquisition values of the selected comparable companies and MPC, Andeavor, MPLX or Andeavor Logistics.

The companies that Barclays selected as comparable to MPC and Andeavor for the selected refining C-corp comparable company analysis were:
 

 •  HollyFrontier Corporation
 

 •  Phillips 66
 

 •  Valero Energy Corporation
 

-100-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 114/241

Table of Contents

The companies that Barclays selected as comparable to MPLX and Andeavor Logistics for the selected midstream comparable company analysis
were:
 

 •  Buckeye Partners, L.P.
 

 •  Magellan Midstream Partners, L.P.
 

 •  Holly Energy Partners, L.P.
 

 •  ONEOK, Inc.
 

 •  Targa Resources Corp.
 

 •  EnLink Midstream Partners, LP
 

 •  EQT Midstream Partners, LP
 

 •  Western Gas Partners, LP
 

 •  Phillips 66 Partners LP
 

 •  Valero Energy Partners LP

Barclays calculated and analyzed for MPC, Andeavor, MPLX, Andeavor Logistics and each of the selected companies the enterprise value of such
company as a multiple of the company’s estimated EBITDA for 2018E and 2019E. The enterprise value of each company was obtained by taking the
sum of the market value of its common equity and adjusting for net debt, debt-like preferred equity interests, and the market value of non-controlling
interests, if applicable. All of the calculations for each of the selected comparable companies were performed, and based on, publicly available financial
data and closing prices as of April 27, 2018.

With respect to MPC and Andeavor, Barclays derived comparable company reference valuation multiple ranges by analyzing and reviewing
projected EBITDA valuation multiples for the three selected refining C-corp comparable companies for 2018E and 2019E. In deriving the 2018E and
2019E reference multiple ranges, Barclays took into consideration the implied 2018E and 2019E EBITDA valuation multiples for each of the three
selected refining C-corp comparable companies and applied its professional judgment and experience as to the appropriate reference multiple ranges
based on its familiarity with the selected comparable companies and knowledge of the industry in which they operate.

The results of the selected refining C-corp comparable company analysis for MPC and Andeavor are summarized below.
 

Refining C-corp Comparable Company
Enterprise Value Multiple of EBITDA Reference Ranges:  

Year   Low    High  
2018E    8.0x    9.5x 
2019E    7.0x    8.5x 

For purposes of deriving reference values for MPC’s and Andeavor’s noncontrolling interests with respect to MPLX and Andeavor Logistics,
respectively, Barclays derived comparable company reference valuation multiple ranges by analyzing and reviewing projected EBITDA valuation
multiples for the ten selected midstream comparable companies for 2018E and 2019E.

In deriving the MPLX and Andeavor Logistics 2018E and 2019E reference multiple ranges, Barclays took into consideration the implied 2018E
and 2019E EBITDA valuation multiples for each of the ten selected midstream comparable companies and applied its professional judgment and
experience as to the appropriate reference multiple ranges based on its familiarity with the selected comparable companies and knowledge of the
industry in which they operate.
 

-101-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 115/241

Table of Contents

The results of the selected midstream comparable company analysis for MPLX and Andeavor Logistics are summarized below.
 

Midstream Comparable Company
Enterprise Value Multiple of EBITDA Reference Ranges:  

Year   Low    High  
2018E    11.50x    13.50x 
2019E    10.50x    12.50x 

To calculate an implied enterprise value range for MPC, Barclays applied the low and high multiples of the selected refining C-corp comparable
company enterprise value multiple of EBITDA reference ranges to 2018E and 2019E estimates of MPC EBITDA based on each of (a) the revised MPC
unaudited forecasted financial information and (b) equity analyst estimates for MPC. Barclays derived an implied equity value reference range of MPC
by subtracting from the implied enterprise value range both the pro forma, consolidated net debt of MPC at December 31, 2017 and the reference value
for the noncontrolling interest in MPLX (based on the MPLX public ownership percentage and MPLX unit count) as determined below. The implied
MPC equity value reference range so derived was then converted to an implied per share equity value reference range for MPC common stock using the
MPC share count. The results of the analysis implied a per share equity value reference range for shares of MPC common stock of $61.75 to $83.75.

To calculate an implied enterprise value range of Andeavor, Barclays applied the low and high multiples of the selected refining C-corp
comparable company enterprise value multiple of EBITDA reference ranges to 2018E and 2019E estimates of Andeavor EBITDA based on each of
(a) the Andeavor modified unaudited forecasted financial information and (b) equity analyst estimates for Andeavor. Barclays derived an implied equity
value reference range of Andeavor by subtracting from the implied enterprise value range the pro forma, consolidated net debt and preferred equity of
Andeavor at December 31, 2017, and the reference value for the noncontrolling interest in Andeavor Logistics (based on the Andeavor Logistics public
ownership percentage and Andeavor Logistics unit count) as determined below. The implied Andeavor equity value range so derived was then converted
to an implied per share equity value reference range for Andeavor common stock using the Andeavor share count, as well as an adjustment for the net
present value of certain incremental health, environmental and safety capital expenditures. The results of the analysis implied a per share equity value
reference range for shares of Andeavor common stock of $108.75 to $147.75. Barclays also took into consideration the results of the expected synergies
analysis. Using the expected synergy value per Andeavor share reference range described above, Barclays added the low and high ends of the expected
synergy value per Andeavor share reference range to the low and high ends, respectively, of the implied per share equity value reference range for shares
of Andeavor common stock to derive a per share equity value reference range taking into account the expected synergies. Barclays’ analysis implied a
per share equity value reference range for shares of Andeavor common stock, taking into account the value of the expected synergies, of $150.50 to
$196.75.

To calculate a comparable company reference value for the noncontrolling interest in MPLX to be subtracted from the range of enterprise values
for MPC, Barclays applied the low and high multiples of the selected midstream comparable company enterprise value of EBITDA reference ranges to
2018E and 2019E estimates of MPLX EBITDA based on each of (a) the revised MPC unaudited forecasted financial information and (b) equity analyst
estimates for MPLX in order to derive an implied MPLX enterprise value range. Barclays derived an implied equity value reference range for MPLX by
subtracting from the enterprise value range the net debt of MPLX at December 31, 2017. The implied MPLX equity value reference range so derived
was then converted to an implied MPLX per unit equity value reference range using the MPLX unit count. The results of the analysis implied a per unit
equity value reference range for MPLX units of $32.00 to $40.25. The per unit equity value reference range so derived was then converted to a reference
value for the noncontrolling interest in MPLX. The results of the analysis implied a reference value for the noncontrolling interest in MPLX of
$11,550 million (based on the MPLX public ownership percentage), which was then subtracted from the implied enterprise value range for MPC in
deriving an implied equity value reference range for MPC as described above.
 

-102-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 116/241

Table of Contents

To calculate a comparable company reference value for the noncontrolling interest in Andeavor Logistics to be subtracted from the range of
enterprise values for Andeavor, Barclays applied the low and high multiples of the selected midstream comparable company enterprise value of
EBITDA reference range to 2018E and 2019E estimates of Andeavor Logistics EBITDA based on each of (a) the Andeavor modified unaudited
forecasted financial information and (b) equity analyst estimates for Andeavor Logistics in order to derive an implied Andeavor Logistics enterprise
value range. Barclays derived an implied equity value reference range for Andeavor Logistics by subtracting from the implied enterprise value range the
net debt and preferred equity of Andeavor Logistics at December 31, 2017. The implied Andeavor Logistics equity value reference range so derived was
then converted to an implied Andeavor Logistics per unit equity value reference range using the Andeavor Logistics unit count. The results of the
analysis implied a per unit equity value reference range for Andeavor Logistics units of $46.50 to $58.50. The per unit equity value so derived was then
converted to a reference value for the noncontrolling interest in Andeavor Logistics. The results of the analysis implied a reference value for the
noncontrolling interest in Andeavor Logistics of $4,700 million (based on the Andeavor Logistics public ownership percentage), which was then
subtracted from the implied enterprise value range for Andeavor in deriving an implied equity value reference range for Andeavor as described above.

Barclays noted that the implied $152.27 per share value of the aggregate per share merger consideration (based on the transaction exchange ratio
of 1.87x and MPC’s closing share price as of April 27, 2018), which also equals the per share cash consideration to be paid in the merger, is above the
per share equity value reference range for Andeavor implied by Barclays’ aforementioned analyses when the expected synergies are excluded and within
such per share equity value reference range for Andeavor when the expected synergies are included.

Selected Comparable Transactions Analysis

Barclays conducted an analysis of selected comparable transactions involving target companies in the oil and gas refining industry for MPC and
Andeavor from 1996 to date and comparable transactions involving target companies in the midstream industry for MPLX and Andeavor Logistics from
2009 to date. In conducting its analysis, Barclays reviewed and compared selected corporate transactions that it, based on its experience in the industry,
experience with merger and acquisition transactions and judgment as a financial advisor, deemed relevant based on a number of factors including the
similarity of the companies in the selected comparable transactions to MPC, Andeavor, MPLX and Andeavor Logistics with respect to the size,
operational profile and other business characteristics.

The reasons for and the circumstances surrounding each of the selected comparable transactions analyzed were diverse, and there are inherent
differences between the businesses, operations, financial conditions and prospects of MPC, Andeavor, MPLX and Andeavor Logistics and the
companies and businesses included in the selected comparable transactions analysis. Further, none of the selected transactions is directly comparable to
the merger. Accordingly, Barclays believed that a purely quantitative selected comparable transactions analysis would not be particularly meaningful in
the context of considering the merger. Barclays therefore made qualitative judgments concerning differences between the characteristics of the selected
comparable transactions and the merger, which would affect the acquisition values of companies in the selected comparable transactions and MPC,
Andeavor, MPLX and Andeavor Logistics.
 

-103-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 117/241

Table of Contents

With respect to MPC and Andeavor, the following table sets forth the selected refining C-corp transactions that Barclays, based on its professional
judgment and experience, deemed generally relevant for comparative purposes and the results of its analysis:
 
Announcement Date   Acquirer   Target   

Implied Enterprise
Value ($mm)  

1/3/2017   Delek US Holdings, Inc.   Alon USA Energy, Inc.   $ 674 
11/17/2016   Tesoro Corporation   Western Refining, Inc.   $ 6,405 
4/30/2012   Energy Transfer Partners, L.P.   Sunoco, Inc.   $ 5,896 
2/22/2011   Holly Corporation   Frontier Oil Corporation   $ 2,833 
8/28/2006   Western Refining, Inc.   Giant Industries, Inc.   $ 1,498 
4/25/2005   Valero Energy Corporation   Premcor Inc.   $ 8,015 
3/19/2004   Marathon Oil Corporation   Marathon Ashland Petroleum LLC   $ 9,800 
5/7/2001   Valero Energy Corporation   Ultramar Diamond Shamrock Corporation   $ 5,889 
2/4/2001   Phillips Petroleum Company   Tosco Corporation   $ 9,420 
9/23/1996   Ultramar Corporation   Diamond Shamrock, Inc.   $ 1,895 

For each of the above transactions, Barclays reviewed and compared the one and two-year forward enterprise value multiples of EBITDA implied
by the publicly available financial terms of each of the selected comparable transactions (and based on information Barclays obtained on or before
April 27, 2018 from public filings, public news sources and public third-party equity research) in order to derive implied one and two-year forward
enterprise value multiple of EBITDA reference ranges. In deriving 2018E and 2019E reference multiple ranges, Barclays took into consideration the
implied one-year forward and two-year forward EBITDA purchase price multiples for each of the selected comparable transactions and applied its
professional judgment and experience as to the appropriate reference multiple ranges based on its familiarity with the selected comparable transactions
and knowledge of the industry in which they occurred. The results of the selected comparable transactions analysis performed for MPC and Andeavor
are summarized below.
 

Precedent Transaction Enterprise Value
Multiple of EBITDA Reference Ranges:  

Year   Low    High  
One-Year Forward    8.5x    9.5x 
Two-Year Forward    8.0x    9.0x 

 
-104-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 118/241

Table of Contents

For purposes of deriving a reference valuation for MPC’s and Andeavor’s noncontrolling interests with respect to MPLX and Andeavor Logistics,
respectively, Barclays reviewed the selected midstream corporate transactions set forth in the following table that Barclays, based on its professional
judgment and experience, deemed generally relevant for comparative purposes:
 
Announcement Date   Acquirer   Target   

Total Transaction
Value ($mm)  

8/14/2017   Andeavor Logistics LP   Western Refining Logistics, LP   $ 1,800 
3/26/2018   Tallgrass Energy GP, LP   Tallgrass Energy Partners, LP   $ 4,000 
11/1/2017   American Midstream Partners, LP   Southcross Energy Partners, L.P.   $ 815 
8/29/2017   Zenith Energy U.S., L.P.   Arc Logistics Partners LP   $ 657 
6/2/2017   World Point Terminals, Inc.   World Point Terminals LP   $ 157 
5/19/2017   Energy Transfer Partners, L.P.   PennTex Midstream Partners, LP   $ 288 
5/8/2017   VTTI B.V.   VTTI Energy Partners LP   $ 808 
2/1/2017   ONEOK, Inc.   ONEOK Partners, L.P.   $ 17,229 
11/21/2016   Sunoco Logistics Partners L.P.   Energy Transfer Partners, L.P.   $ 44,676 
11/1/2016   TransCanada Corporation   Columbia Pipeline Partners LP   $ 915 
10/24/2016   American Midstream Partners, LP   JP Energy Partners LP   $ 466 
5/31/2016   SemGroup Corporation   Rose Rock Midstream, L.P.   $ 391 
11/3/2015   Targa Resources Corp.   Targa Resources Partners LP   $ 11,300 
7/13/2015   MPLX LP   MarkWest Energy Partners, L.P.   $ 19,956 
5/6/2015   Crestwood Equity Partners LP   Crestwood Midstream Partners LP   $ 5,052 
1/26/2015   Energy Transfer Partners, L.P.   Regency Energy Partners LP   $ 17,963 
4/29/2011   Enterprise Products Partners L.P.   Duncan Energy Partners L.P.   $ 3,305 
6/29/2009   Enterprise Products Partners L.P.   TEPPCO Partners, L.P.   $ 5,894 

For each of the above transactions, Barclays reviewed and compared the trailing twelve month enterprise value multiples of EBITDA implied by
the publicly available financial terms of each of the selected comparable transactions (and based on information Barclays obtained on or before April 27,
2018 from public filings, public news sources and public third-party equity research) in order to derive an implied trailing twelve month enterprise value
multiple of EBITDA reference range for MPLX and Andeavor Logistics. In deriving a trailing twelve month reference multiple range, Barclays took
into consideration the implied trailing twelve month EBITDA purchase price multiples for each of the selected comparable transactions and applied its
professional judgment and experience as to the appropriate reference multiple range based on its familiarity with the selected comparable transactions
and knowledge of the industry in which they occurred. The results of the selected comparable transactions analysis performed for MPLX and Andeavor
Logistics are summarized below.
 

Precedent Transaction Enterprise Value
Multiple of EBITDA Reference Range:  

   Low    High  
Trailing Twelve Months    12.0x    14.0x 

To calculate a comparable transaction reference value for the noncontrolling interest in MPLX, Barclays applied the low and high multiples of the
selected midstream comparable transactions enterprise value of EBITDA reference range to 2018E estimates of MPLX EBITDA based on each of
(a) the revised MPC unaudited forecasted financial information and (b) equity analyst estimates in order to derive an implied MPLX enterprise value
range. Barclays derived an implied equity value reference range for MPLX by subtracting from the enterprise value range the pro forma net debt of
MPLX at December 31, 2017. The implied MPLX equity value reference range so derived was then converted to an implied MPLX per unit equity
value reference range using the MPLX unit count. The results of the analysis implied a per unit equity value reference range for MPLX units of $33.75
to $41.25. The per unit equity value reference range so derived was then converted to a reference value for the noncontrolling interest in MPLX. The
results of the analysis implied a reference value for the noncontrolling interest in MPLX of $12,000 million (based on the MPLX public ownership
percentage), which
 

-105-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 119/241

Table of Contents

was then subtracted from the implied enterprise value range for MPC in deriving an implied equity value reference range for MPC, as described below.

To calculate a comparable transaction reference value for the noncontrolling interest in Andeavor Logistics, Barclays multiplied the low and high
multiples of the selected midstream comparable transactions enterprise value of EBITDA reference ranges to 2018E estimates of Andeavor Logistics
EBITDA based on each of (a) the Andeavor modified unaudited forecasted financial information and (b) equity analyst estimates in order to derive an
implied Andeavor Logistics enterprise value range. Barclays derived an implied equity value range for Andeavor Logistics by subtracting from the
enterprise value range the net debt and preferred equity of Andeavor Logistics at December 31, 2017. The implied Andeavor Logistics equity value
reference range so derived was then converted to an implied Andeavor Logistics per unit equity value reference range using the Andeavor Logistics unit
count. The results of the analysis implied a per unit equity value reference range for Andeavor Logistics units of $47.50 to $58.75. The per unit equity
value reference range so derived was then converted to a reference value for the noncontrolling interest in Andeavor Logistics of $4,750 million (based
on the Andeavor Logistics public ownership percentage), which was then subtracted from the implied enterprise value range for Andeavor in deriving an
implied equity value reference range for Andeavor, as described below.

To calculate an implied enterprise value range for MPC, Barclays applied the low and high multiples of the selected refining C-corp comparable
transactions enterprise value multiple of EBITDA reference ranges to 2018E and 2019E estimates of MPC EBITDA based on each of (a) the revised
MPC unaudited forecasted financial information and (b) equity analyst estimates for MPC. Barclays derived an implied equity value reference range for
MPC by subtracting from the enterprise value range the pro forma, consolidated net debt of MPC at December 31, 2017 and the reference value for the
noncontrolling interest in MPLX, as determined above. The implied MPC equity value reference range so derived was then converted to an implied
MPC per share equity value reference range using the MPC share count. The results of the analysis implied a per share equity value reference range for
shares of MPC common stock of $72.25 to $87.00.

To calculate an implied enterprise value range for Andeavor, Barclays applied the low and high multiples of the selected refining C-corp
comparable transactions enterprise value multiple of EBITDA reference ranges to 2018E and 2019E estimates of Andeavor EBITDA based on each of
(a) the Andeavor modified unaudited forecasted financial information and (b) equity analyst estimates for Andeavor. Barclays derived an implied equity
value reference range for Andeavor by subtracting the pro forma, consolidated net debt and preferred equity of Andeavor at December 31, 2017 and the
reference value for the noncontrolling interest in Andeavor Logistics, as determined above. The implied Andeavor equity value reference range so
derived was then converted to an implied Andeavor per share equity value reference range using the Andeavor share count, as well as an adjustment for
the net present value of certain incremental health, environmental and safety capital expenditures. The results of the analysis implied a per share equity
value reference range for shares of Andeavor common stock of $128.75 to $154.50.

Barclays noted that the implied $152.27 per share value of the aggregate per share merger consideration (based on the transaction exchange ratio
of 1.87x and MPC’s closing share price as of April 27, 2018), which also equals the per share cash consideration to be paid in the merger, is within the
per share equity value reference range for Andeavor implied by Barclays’ aforementioned analyses.

Sum of Parts Analysis

Barclays performed a sum of parts analysis with respect to each of MPC and Andeavor by performing separate, market-based valuations of MPC’s
and Andeavor’s respective (i) refining businesses, (ii) retail/marketing businesses, and (iii) midstream businesses (through MPLX and Andeavor
Logistics, respectively), as well as calculating the negative value of corporate selling, general and administrative expenses, which are referred to as
G&A expenses, not directly allocated to the three aforementioned business segments of each of MPC and Andeavor in the revised MPC unaudited
forecasted financial information (in the case of MPC) and the
 

-106-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 120/241

Table of Contents

Andeavor modified unaudited forecasted financial information (in the case of Andeavor). A sum of parts analysis reviews a company’s operating
performance and outlook on a segment-by-segment basis and compares each segment’s performance to a group of selected comparable publicly traded
companies and selected comparable transactions to determine an implied value for such segment and the enterprise as a whole. For both MPC and
Andeavor, Barclays derived implied reference value ranges for each of the three aforementioned business segments, employing both the comparable
company and comparable transactions methodologies for each segment, calculated the sum of the implied reference value ranges so derived, and
subtracted the implied reference value ranges for G&A expenses, as further described below.
 

 (i) Refining:

Barclays derived 2018E and 2019E refining enterprise value to EBITDA reference multiple ranges using both a comparable company
methodology and a comparable transactions methodology. With respect to the comparable company methodology, Barclays evaluated the 2018E
and 2019E enterprise value to EBITDA multiples of five companies, consisting of the three companies included in the selected refining C-corp
comparable company analysis as well as Delek US Holdings, Inc. and PBF Energy Inc., using publicly available information, including equity
analyst estimates. In deriving the 2018E and 2019E comparable company reference multiple ranges utilized in its analysis, Barclays took into
consideration the implied 2018E and 2019E EBITDA valuation multiples for each of the selected comparable companies, and applied its
professional judgment and experience as to the appropriate reference multiple ranges based on its familiarity with the selected comparable
companies and knowledge of the industry in which they operate. With respect to the comparable transactions methodology, Barclays reviewed the
ten selected refining C-corp transactions described in the selected comparable transactions analysis that Barclays in its professional judgment
deemed generally relevant for comparative purposes. In deriving the 2018E and 2019E comparable transactions reference multiple ranges utilized
in its analysis, Barclays took into consideration the implied one and two-year forward enterprise value multiples of EBITDA implied from the
publicly available financial terms of each of the selected comparable transactions and applied its professional judgment and experience as to the
appropriate reference multiple ranges based on its familiarity with the selected comparable transactions and knowledge of the industry in which
they occurred. The reasons for and the circumstances surrounding each of the selected comparable companies and transactions analyzed were
diverse, and there are inherent differences between the businesses, operations, financial conditions and prospects of MPC’s and Andeavor’s
respective refining businesses and the companies and businesses included in the selected comparable companies and transactions analysis.
Accordingly, Barclays believed that purely quantitative comparable companies and comparable transactions analyses would not be particularly
meaningful in the context of considering the companies and transactions. Barclays therefore made qualitative judgments concerning differences
between the characteristics of the selected comparable companies and comparable transactions, on the one hand, and MPC’s and Andeavor’s
respective refining businesses and the merger, on the other, which would affect the acquisition values of the selected comparable companies and
transactions, on the one hand, and MPC’s and Andeavor’s respective refining businesses and the merger, on the other.

The 2018E and 2019E refining enterprise value to EBITDA reference multiple ranges, which are the same for MPC and Andeavor, are set forth
below.

 

       

Reference
Multiple Ranges

for MPC and
Andeavor  

Analysis Methodology   

Metric
—

EBITDA   Low    High  
Comparable Company    2018E    6.00x    7.00x 

   2019E    5.50x    6.50x 
    

 
    

 
    

 

Comparable Transactions    2018E    6.25x    7.25x 
   2019E    6.00x    7.00x 

 
-107-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 121/241

Table of Contents

 (ii) Retail/Marketing:

Barclays derived 2018E and 2019E retail/marketing enterprise value to EBITDA reference multiple ranges using both a comparable company
methodology and a comparable transactions methodology. With respect to the comparable company methodology, Barclays evaluated the 2018E
and 2019E enterprise value to EBITDA multiples of three selected public retail/marketing comparables (Casey’s General Stores, Inc.,
Alimentation Couche-Tard (US) Inc. and Murphy USA Inc.), using publicly available information, including equity analyst estimates. In deriving
the 2018E and 2019E comparable company reference multiple ranges utilized in its analysis, Barclays took into consideration the implied 2018E
and 2019E EBITDA valuation multiples for each of the selected comparable companies and applied its professional judgment and experience as to
the appropriate reference multiple ranges based on its familiarity with the selected comparable companies and knowledge of the industry in which
they operate. With respect to the comparable transactions methodology, Barclays reviewed 36 selected comparable retail/marketing transactions
that Barclays in its professional judgment deemed generally relevant for comparative purposes. In deriving the 2018E comparable transactions
reference multiple range utilized in its analysis, Barclays applied its professional judgment and experience as to the appropriate reference multiple
range based on its familiarity with the selected comparable transactions and knowledge of the industry in which they occurred. The reasons for
and the circumstances surrounding each of the selected comparable companies and transactions analyzed were diverse, and there are inherent
differences between the businesses, operations, financial conditions and prospects of MPC’s and Andeavor’s respective retail/marketing
businesses and the companies and businesses included in the selected comparable companies and transactions analysis. Accordingly, Barclays
believed that purely quantitative comparable companies and comparable transactions analyses would not be particularly meaningful in the context
of considering the companies and transactions. Barclays therefore made qualitative judgments concerning differences between the characteristics
of the selected comparable companies and comparable transactions, on the one hand, and MPC’s and Andeavor’s respective retail/marketing
businesses and the merger, on the other, which would affect the acquisition values of the selected comparable companies and transactions, on the
one hand, and MPC’s and Andeavor’s respective retail/marketing businesses and the merger, on the other.

The 2018E and 2019E retail/marketing enterprise value to EBITDA reference multiple ranges are set forth below.
 

       

Reference
Multiple Ranges

MPC    

Reference
Multiple Ranges

Andeavor  

Analysis Methodology   

Metric
—

EBITDA   Low    High      Low       High   
Comparable Company    2018E    9.5x    10.5x    8.0x    9.0x 

   2019E    8.5x    9.5x    7.0x    8.0x 
    

 
    

 
    

 
    

 
    

 

Comparable Transactions    2018E    10.0x    11.0x    8.5x    9.5x 
 
 (iii) Midstream:

Barclays derived 2018E and 2019E midstream enterprise value to EBITDA reference multiple ranges using both a comparable company
methodology and a comparable transactions methodology. For the purpose of this analysis, Barclays considered MPLX as constituting the entire
midstream business of MPC and Andeavor Logistics as constituting the entire midstream business of Andeavor. With respect to the comparable
company methodology, Barclays evaluated the 2018E and 2019E enterprise value to EBITDA multiples based on the ten companies included in
the selected midstream comparable company analysis, using publicly available information, including equity analyst estimates. In deriving the
2018E and 2019E comparable company reference multiple ranges utilized in its analysis, Barclays took into consideration the implied 2018E and
2019E EBITDA valuation multiples for each of the selected comparable companies and applied its professional judgment and experience as to the
appropriate reference multiple ranges based on its familiarity with the selected comparable companies and knowledge of the industry in which
they operate. With respect to the comparable transactions methodology, Barclays reviewed the 18 selected comparable

 
-108-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 122/241

Table of Contents

midstream transactions described in the selected comparable transactions analysis that Barclays in its professional judgment deemed generally
relevant for comparative purposes. In deriving the 2018E comparable transactions reference multiple range, Barclays applied its professional
judgment and experience as to the appropriate reference multiple range based on its familiarity with the selected comparable transactions and
knowledge of the industry in which they occurred. The reasons for and the circumstances surrounding each of the selected comparable companies
and transactions analyzed were diverse, and there are inherent differences between the businesses, operations, financial conditions and prospects
of MPLX and Andeavor Logistics and the companies and businesses included in the selected comparable companies and transactions analysis.
Accordingly, Barclays believed that purely quantitative comparable companies and comparable transactions analyses would not be particularly
meaningful in the context of considering the companies and transactions. Barclays therefore made qualitative judgments concerning differences
between the characteristics of the selected comparable companies and comparable transactions, on the one hand, and MPLX and Andeavor
Logistics and the merger, on the other, which would affect the acquisition values of the selected comparable companies and transactions, on the
one hand, and MPLX and Andeavor Logistics and the merger, on the other.

The 2018E and 2019E midstream enterprise value to EBITDA reference multiple ranges are set forth below.
 

       

Reference
Multiple Ranges

MPC    

Reference
Multiple Ranges

Andeavor  

Analysis Methodology   
Metric—
EBITDA    Low    High    Low    High  

Comparable Company    2018E    11.50x    13.50x    11.50x    13.50x 
   2019E    10.50x    12.50x    10.50x    12.50x 
    

 
    

 
    

 
    

 
    

 

Comparable Transactions    2018E    12.00x    14.00x    12.00x    14.00x 

Barclays applied the reference multiple ranges set forth above in order to derive an MPLX reference value range (net to MPC) based on the
revised MPC unaudited forecasted financial information and taking into account the pro forma net debt of MPLX at December 31, 2017, the
MPLX unit count, and the total number of MPLX units held by MPC as of April 26, 2018 of 504.702 (in millions as provided by MPC
management, and assuming the conversion to common units of MPLX’s convertible preferred units). Barclays similarly applied the reference
multiple ranges set forth above to derive an Andeavor Logistics reference value range (net to Andeavor) based on the Andeavor modified
unaudited forecasted financial information and taking into account the net debt and preferred equity of Andeavor Logistics at December 31, 2017,
the Andeavor Logistics unit count as of April 26, 2018 (as provided by Andeavor management and approved by MPC management for Barclays’
use in its analysis), and the total number of Andeavor units held by Andeavor as of April 26, 2018 of 127.889 (in millions as provided by
Andeavor management and approved by MPC management for Barclays’ use in its analysis).

In addition, Barclays, based on its professional judgment and experience, derived G&A expense reference multiple ranges for each of MPC and
Andeavor (for such expenses not already embedded in the EBITDAs of the business segments), taking into account information from the selected
comparable company analysis and the selected comparable transactions analysis, including the reference multiple ranges applied to each company’s
respective refining, retail/marketing and midstream businesses, as summarized below.
 

   
Reference Multiple

Ranges MPC    
Reference Multiple
Ranges Andeavor  

Metric—EBITDA     Low       High       Low       High   
2018E    6.5x    7.5x    6.5x    7.5x 
2019E    6.0x    7.0x    6.0x    7.0x 

The sum of the implied refining, retail/marketing and midstream reference value ranges (with such midstream reference value ranges based on
MPC’s and Andeavor’s net reference values attributable to MPLX
 

-109-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 123/241

Table of Contents

and Andeavor Logistics, respectively), after subtracting the implied reference value ranges for G&A expenses for each of MPC and Andeavor, implied a
consolidated enterprise value reference range for each of MPC and Andeavor as a whole.

Based on the consolidated enterprise value reference range so derived for MPC, an MPC equity value reference range was derived by subtracting
the pro forma, net debt of MPC at December 31, 2017 of $263 million (excluding the pro forma net debt of MPLX at December 31, 2017) as provided
by MPC management for Barclays’ use in its analysis (with pro forma adjustments, as provided by MPC management for Barclays’ use in its analysis,
for certain share repurchases subsequent to such date) from the MPC enterprise value reference range. The MPC equity value reference range so derived
was then converted to an implied per share equity value reference for MPC common stock using the MPC share count. The results of this analysis
implied a per share reference value range for shares of MPC common stock of $85.25 to $100.75.

Based on the consolidated enterprise value reference range so derived for Andeavor, an Andeavor equity value reference range was derived by
subtracting the pro forma, net debt of Andeavor at December 31, 2017 of $3,347 million (excluding the net debt and preferred equity of Andeavor
Logistics at December 31, 2017) as provided by Andeavor management and approved by MPC management for Barclays’ use in its analysis (with pro
forma adjustments, as provided by Andeavor management and approved by MPC management for Barclays’ use in its analysis, for certain share
repurchases subsequent to such date) from the Andeavor enterprise value reference range. The Andeavor equity value reference range so derived was
then converted to an implied per share equity value reference range for Andeavor common stock using (i) Andeavor share count and (ii) an adjustment
for the net present value of certain incremental compliance capital expenditures. The results of this analysis implied a per share reference value range for
shares of Andeavor common stock of $130.00 to $157.00. Barclays also took into consideration the results of the expected synergies analysis. Using the
expected synergy value per Andeavor share reference range, Barclays added the low and high ends of the expected synergy value per Andeavor share
reference range to the low and high ends, respectively, of the implied per share equity value reference range for shares of Andeavor common stock to
derive a per share equity value reference range taking into account the expected synergies. Barclays’ analysis implied a per share equity value reference
range for shares of Andeavor common stock, taking into account the value of the expected synergies, of $171.75 to $205.75.

Barclays noted that the implied $152.27 per share value of the aggregate per share merger consideration (based on the transaction exchange ratio
of 1.87x and MPC’s closing share price as of April 27, 2018), which also equals the per share cash consideration to be paid in the merger, is within the
per share equity value reference range for Andeavor implied by Barclays’ aforementioned analyses when the expected synergies are excluded and below
such per share equity value reference range for Andeavor when the expected synergies are included.

Exchange Ratio Analysis

The exchange ratio analysis provides a measure of the relative value of shares of MPC common stock to shares of Andeavor common stock by
showing the number of shares of MPC common stock having a value equal to one share of Andeavor common stock. The purpose of this analysis is to
provide a range of illustrative exchange ratios, or a measure of the relative market values of MPC common stock to Andeavor common stock. Barclays
calculated implied exchange ratio reference ranges by comparing the high end of the Andeavor reference value per share range to the low end of the
MPC reference value per share range, and vice versa, with respect to the analyses set forth above in this section (i.e., the “Discounted Cash Flow
Analysis,” “Selected Comparable Company Analysis,” “Selected Comparable Transactions Analysis,” and “Sum of Parts Analysis”). Barclays compared
these implied exchange ratio reference ranges to the transaction exchange ratio of 1.87x. Barclays also considered its analysis of the expected synergies
in the exchange ratio analysis. Implied exchange
 

-110-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 124/241

Table of Contents

ratio reference ranges were evaluated both with and without the expected synergies. The implied exchange ratio reference ranges are summarized below.
 

   
Without Expected

Synergies    
Including Expected

Synergies  
   Low    High    Low    High  
DCF analysis    1.538x    2.223x    2.003x    2.874x 
Comparable company analysis    1.299x    2.393x    1.797x    3.186x 
Comparable transactions analysis    1.480x    2.138x    —      —   
Sum of parts analysis    1.290x    1.842x    1.705x    2.416x 

Barclays noted that the transaction exchange ratio of 1.87x was within all of the implied exchange ratio reference ranges implied by Barclays’
aforementioned analyses, other than the sum of parts analysis, when expected synergies are excluded, and within all of the implied exchange ratio
reference ranges implied by Barclays’ aforementioned analyses, including the sum of parts analysis, when synergies are included.

Other Factors

Barclays also noted the following additional factors that were not considered part of its financial analyses with respect to its fairness
determination, but were referenced for informational purposes:

Share Price Trading Ranges

Barclays reviewed the 52-week high and low closing share prices for MPC and Andeavor, as of April 27, 2018. MPC’s 52-week low closing share
price was $49.45 and its 52-week high closing share price was $82.93. Andeavor’s 52-week low closing share price was $78.88 and its 52-week high
closing share price was $125.15. 52-week trading ranges were used for informational purposes only and were not included in the financial analysis.

In addition, Barclays considered historical data with regard to the trading prices of Andeavor common stock for the period from April 27, 2016 to
April 27, 2018 and compared such data with the relative stock price performances during the same periods of MPC and large-cap refining peers
(including the three selected refining C-corp comparable companies).

The results of Barclays’ relative share price performance analysis are summarized below.
 

% Change (as of 4/27/2018)   MPC   Andeavor  
Large-Cap

Peers  
Last 2 Years    96.8%   40.3%   46.8% 
Last 12 Months    59.6%   53.3%   58.1% 
Last 6 Months    39.3%   15.7%   32.7% 
Last 90 Days    13.5%   7.2%   9.0% 
Last 30 Days    11.7%   20.5%   18.1% 

Equity Analyst Target Prices Analysis

Barclays reviewed the price targets published by 17 equity research analysts (as of April 27, 2018) covering MPC and 17 equity research analysts
(as of April 27, 2018) covering Andeavor. The per share price target range for MPC was $72.00 to $95.00 with a median of $87.00, and the per share
price target range for Andeavor was $112.00 to $160.00 with a median of $135.00. Equity analyst target prices were used for informational purposes
only and were not included in the financial analysis.
 

-111-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 125/241

Table of Contents

Relative Contribution Analysis

To analyze MPC’s and Andeavor’s relative contribution to the combined company after the merger (excluding the expected synergies), Barclays
reviewed publicly available information, including equity analyst estimates (as of April 27, 2018) for 2018E to 2019E, the revised MPC unaudited
forecasted financial information for 2018E to 2020E, the Andeavor adjusted unaudited forecasted financial information for 2018E to 2020E, and the
Andeavor modified unaudited forecasted financial information for 2018E to 2020E. For purposes of comparability to the revised MPC unaudited
forecasted financial information and at the direction of MPC management, the Andeavor adjusted unaudited forecasted financial information and
Andeavor modified unaudited forecasted financial information were adjusted to reflect the expensing of capital expenditures related to refinery
turnarounds using adjustments provided by Andeavor management and approved by MPC management for Barclay’s use in its analysis. The equity
analyst estimates for Andeavor were similarly adjusted to reflect the expensing of turnaround capital expenditures. Barclays analyzed MPC’s and
Andeavor’s EBITDA, net income to common stock, and cash flow from operations (after subtracting distributions paid to third party unitholders of
MPLX and Andeavor Logistics, respectively), which is referred to as CFFO, as well as the equity values and enterprise values of MPC and Andeavor.
The following table reflects the results of the analysis:
 

      

Relative
Contribution

of MPC    

Relative
Contribution
of Andeavor  

Equity analyst estimates   2018E EBITDA    69%    31% 
  2019E EBITDA    67%    33% 
  2018E Net Income to Common    64%    36% 
  2019E Net Income to Common    62%    38% 

  
2018E CFFO (excluding third party MPLX/Andeavor Logistics
distributions)    66%    34% 

  
2019E CFFO (excluding third party MPLX/Andeavor Logistics
distributions)    66%    34% 

  Avg. equity analyst estimates    65%    35% 
       

 
    

 

Revised MPC unaudited
forecasted financial
information and
Andeavor adjusted
unaudited forecasted
financial information

  2018E EBITDA    62%    38% 
  2019E EBITDA    63%    37% 
  2020E EBITDA    58%    42% 
  2018E Net Income to Common    50%    50% 
  2019E Net Income to Common    57%    43% 
  2020E Net Income to Common    50%    50% 

  
2018E CFFO (excluding third party MPLX/Andeavor Logistics
distributions)    62%    38% 

  
2019E CFFO (excluding third party MPLX/Andeavor Logistics
distributions)    67%    33% 

  
2020E CFFO (excluding third party MPLX/Andeavor Logistics
distributions)    60%    40% 

  

Avg. revised MPC unaudited forecasted financial
information and Andeavor adjusted unaudited forecasted
financial information    59%    41% 

       
 

    
 

Revised MPC unaudited
forecasted financial
information and
Andeavor modified
unaudited forecasted
financial information

  2018E EBITDA    65%    35% 
  2019E EBITDA    67%    33% 
  2020E EBITDA    60%    40% 
  2018E Net Income to Common    56%    44% 
  2019E Net Income to Common    64%    36% 
  2020E Net Income to Common    53%    47% 

  
2018E CFFO (excluding third party MPLX/Andeavor Logistics
distributions)    65%    35% 

 
-112-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 126/241

Table of Contents

      

Relative
Contribution

of MPC    

Relative
Contribution
of Andeavor  

  
2019E CFFO (excluding third party MPLX/Andeavor Logistics
distributions)    71%    29% 

  
2020E CFFO (excluding third party MPLX/Andeavor Logistics
distributions)    62%    38% 

  

Avg. revised MPC unaudited forecasted financial information
and Andeavor modified unaudited forecasted financial
information    63%    37% 

       
 

    
 

Equity value at 1.87x transaction exchange ratio    62%    38% 
Enterprise value at 1.87x transaction exchange ratio    63%    37% 

Barclays, based on its professional judgment and experience, compared the results of the relative contribution analysis to the implied pro forma
ownership interests in the combined company of MPC stockholders (who hold MPC shares immediately prior to the consummation of the merger) and
Andeavor stockholders (who hold Andeavor shares immediately prior to the consummation of the merger and exchange each of their Andeavor shares
for the per share merger consideration). For illustrative and comparative purposes, Barclays applied the transaction exchange ratio of 1.87x to an
all-stock transaction, which resulted in an implied pro forma ownership interests allocation of 62.0% and 38.0% for MPC and Andeavor, respectively, on
a fully diluted basis. Relative contributions were used for informational purposes only and were not included in the financial analysis.

Premiums Paid Analysis

In order to assess the premium paid by MPC in the merger relative to the premiums paid by other companies in other transactions, Barclays
reviewed data from publicly available sources with respect to premiums paid in 71 selected U.S. corporate transactions since 2010, which are referred to
as all deals, with implied target company transaction enterprise valuations greater than $10.0 billion. Of the 71 precedent selected corporate transactions
reviewed, specifically 25 were transactions in which target company stockholders received stock consideration greater than 50% of the total
consideration received. For each transaction, Barclays analyzed the implied per share premium paid by the acquirer by comparing the announced
transaction value per share to the target company’s historical share price during the following periods: (i) one trading day prior to announcement,
(ii) five trading days prior to announcement, (iii) 30 trading days prior to announcement and (iv) the highest closing share price during the 52-week
period leading up to announcement of the transaction. The results of Barclays’ analysis of premiums paid in precedent transactions are summarized
below.
 

Premiums on All Deals (71 Transactions)  
   1-Day Premium  5-Day Premium  30-Day Premium  52-Week High 
Median    25.3%   27.9%   29.3%   13.8% 
Mean    28.5%   32.1%   35.5%   12.4% 
High    88.5%   98.8%   118.5%   63.8% 
Low    6.1%   3.4%   10.5%   (34.2%) 

 
Premiums on Deals > 50% Stock (25 Transactions)  
   1-Day Premium  5-Day Premium  30-Day Premium  52-Week High 
Median    23.3%   26.2%   26.5%   9.3% 
Mean    23.9%   28.0%   28.4%   7.1% 
High    56.3%   50.0%   50.1%   36.3% 
Low    6.1%   3.4%   10.5%   (26.7%) 

Barclays noted that the implied $152.27 per share value of the aggregate per share merger consideration (based on the transaction exchange ratio
of 1.87x and MPC’s closing share price as of April 27, 2018), which
 

-113-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 127/241

Table of Contents

also equals the per share cash consideration to be paid in the merger, implied a 24.4% premium to the Andeavor share price as of the close of business
on April 27, 2018, and relative to the ratio of MPC’s and Andeavor’s respective thirty trading day volume weighted average share prices (as of April 27,
2018), a premium of 28.4%. Premiums paid were used for informational purposes only and were not included in the financial analysis.

Illustrative Accretion / Dilution Analysis

Barclays performed an illustrative pro forma analysis of the financial impact of the merger using information provided by, or directed to be used
by, the management of MPC, including the revised MPC unaudited forecasted financial information, Andeavor adjusted unaudited forecasted financial
information, Andeavor modified unaudited forecasted financial information, the expected synergies and certain incremental health, environmental and
safety capital expenditures. Additionally Barclays performed an illustrative pro forma analysis of the financial impact of the merger based on equity
analyst estimates. The analysis examined the illustrative impact of the merger on MPC’s (i) estimated earnings per share, which is referred to as EPS,
(ii) estimated cash flow per share, which is referred to as CFPS, and (iii) estimated cash flow per share (after subtracting distributions paid to public
unitholders of MPLX and Andeavor Logistics, respectively), which is referred to as MPC CFPS. The accretion / dilution analysis was conducted using
three estimates scenarios for each of MPC and Andeavor as outlined below:
 
   MPC   Andeavor
Scenario 1 “Illustrative Accretion / Dilution Analysis
Based on Andeavor Adjusted Unaudited Forecasted
Financial Information”   

Revised MPC unaudited forecasted financial
information

  

Andeavor adjusted unaudited forecasted
financial information

Scenario 2 “Illustrative Accretion / Dilution Analysis
Based on Andeavor Modified Unaudited Forecasted
Financial Information”   

Revised MPC unaudited forecasted financial
information

  

Andeavor modified unaudited forecasted
financial information

Scenario 3 “Illustrative Accretion / Dilution Analysis
Based on Equity Analyst Estimates”   

Equity analyst estimates
  

Equity analyst estimates

Barclays then reviewed whether the merger would be accretive or dilutive to MPC for each of EPS, CFPS, and MPC CFPS given each of the three
scenarios for certain identified time periods.

In connection with a pro forma analysis of the financial impact of the merger on MPC’s EPS, CFPS and MPC CFPS, for purposes of reviewing
the accretion and dilution to MPC in each of the scenarios described above, Barclays applied certain pro forma adjustments to the unaudited forecasted
financial information for MPC and Andeavor for purposes of the analyses described below. This information is based on the revised MPC unaudited
forecasted financial information, the Andeavor adjusted unaudited forecasted financial information and the Andeavor modified unaudited forecasted
financial information, the expected synergies and certain incremental health, environmental and safety capital expenditures, as well as equity analyst
estimates, and the pro forma adjustments to any such information should not be regarded as an indication that any of MPC, Barclays or any other person
considered, or now considers, it to be necessarily predictive of actual future results. We refer you to the sections entitled “The Merger—Unaudited
Forecasted Financial Information” beginning on page 135 and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” beginning on page 47
as well as the disclaimers provided therein.

For the purposes of applying the pro forma adjustments Barclays assumed, the following principal assumptions:
 

 •  the illustrative consummation of the merger as of January 1, 2018;
 

-114-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 128/241

Table of Contents

 
•  an 85% stock / 15% cash consideration structure on an aggregate basis in order to address the range of potential consideration mix

alternatives implied by the cash/stock election structure contemplated by the merger agreement, as well as proration and adjustment
procedures, as provided by, and directed to be used by, MPC management;

 

 •  assumptions for sources of cash consideration, as provided by, and directed to be used by, MPC management;
 

 •  purchase accounting assumptions, as provided by, and directed to be used by, MPC management;
 

 
•  a pro forma marginal tax rate of 24.0%, when considering the Andeavor adjusted unaudited forecasted financial information and the

Andeavor modified unaudited forecasted financial information, as provided by, and directed to be used by, MPC management;
 

 •  a pro forma marginal tax rate of 21.0% (per equity analyst estimates), when considering the equity analyst estimates;
 

 
•  no incremental share repurchases, other than standalone plans for MPC and Andeavor in 2018 (per MPC and Andeavor management,

respectively) and no share repurchases beyond 2018, when considering the Andeavor adjusted unaudited forecasted financial information
and the Andeavor modified unaudited forecasted financial information, as provided by, and directed to be used by, MPC management;

 

 
•  2018 and 2019 standalone share repurchases for MPC and Andeavor (per equity analyst estimates), when considering the equity analyst

estimates;
 

 
•  realization of the amount and timing of the expected synergies as well as the illustrative exclusion of non-recurring costs to achieve the

expected synergies, as directed by MPC management;
 

 
•  illustrative realization of expected synergies in 2018, given the illustrative assumption that the merger is consummated as of January 1,

2018, such expected synergies for 2018 assumed to equal the same expected synergies as assumed for 2019 for such analyses, as directed by
MPC management;

 

 
•  impact of certain incremental health, environmental and safety capital expenditures, as provided by, and directed to be used by, MPC

management;
 

 •  the MPC share count and the Andeavor share count, in each case, as approved by MPC management for Barclays’ use in its analysis; and
 

 •  other general business, market and financial assumptions, as provided by MPC management.

For the sections entitled “The Merger—Opinion of Barclays, MPC’s Financial Advisor—Illustrative Accretion / Dilution Analysis Using Andeavor
Adjusted Unaudited Forecasted Financial Information” below and “The Merger—Opinion of Barclays, MPC’s Financial Advisor—Illustrative Accretion
/ Dilution Analysis Based on Andeavor Modified Unaudited Forecasted Financial Information” below, MPC management provided Barclays with
MPC’s EPS, CFPS, MPC CFPS, and EBITDA based on the revised MPC unaudited forecasted financial information without giving effect to the merger
to be used as the basis of comparison for the pro forma EPS, CFPS, MPC CFPS, and EBITDA, which are set forth in the section entitled “The Merger—
Unaudited Forecasted Financial Information—Unaudited Forecasted Financial Information of MPC” beginning on page 138 under “Earnings per
share,” “Cash flow per share,” and “MPC Cash flow per share,” and “EBITDA,” respectively.

The following analyses, including the tables therein, present certain financial information of MPC on a pro forma basis, giving effect to the
merger, for certain identified time periods, based on the revised MPC unaudited forecasted financial information, the Andeavor adjusted unaudited
forecasted financial information, and the Andeavor modified unaudited forecasted financial information, as well as equity analyst estimates, and
applying the foregoing adjustments to the scenarios described above.
 

-115-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 129/241

Table of Contents

Illustrative Accretion / Dilution Analysis Using Andeavor Adjusted Unaudited Forecasted Financial Information

For illustrative purposes only, in each case based on the Andeavor adjusted unaudited forecasted financial information, Barclays compared (i) the
estimated EPS of MPC on a standalone basis based on the revised MPC unaudited forecasted financial information to the EPS of the pro forma
combined company derived by applying the pro forma adjustments described above, (ii) the estimated CFPS of MPC on a standalone basis based on the
revised MPC unaudited forecasted financial information to the CFPS of the pro forma combined company derived by applying the pro forma
adjustments described above, and (iii) the estimated MPC CFPS on a standalone basis based on the revised MPC unaudited forecasted financial
information to the MPC CFPS of the pro forma combined company derived by applying the pro forma adjustments described above, in each case, with
the expected synergies for each of the years 2018E through 2022E. The following table summarizes the results of Barclays’ review of such metrics.
 

Accretion/Dilution Analysis Based on Andeavor Adjusted Unaudited Forecasted Financial Information (with Expected Synergies)  
   2018E   2019E   2020E   2021E   2022E  
Pro forma EBITDA   $9,593  $13,174  $16,466  $17,058  $15,713 
Pro forma EPS   $ 4.20  $ 7.96  $ 11.27  $ 11.71  $ 9.96 
% Accretion/Dilution    34.2%   17.2%   35.4%   45.8%   65.8% 
Pro forma CFPS   $11.13  $ 16.86  $ 20.23  $ 20.36  $ 18.77 
% Accretion/Dilution    10.4%   2.4%   13.5%   17.4%   20.6% 
Pro forma MPC CFPS   $ 9.39  $ 14.88  $ 18.12  $ 18.10  $ 16.35 
% Accretion/Dilution    12.3%   2.4%   15.1%   19.6%   23.7% 

Illustrative Accretion / Dilution Analysis Based on Andeavor Modified Unaudited Forecasted Financial Information

For illustrative purposes only, in each case based on the Andeavor modified unaudited forecasted financial information, Barclays compared (i) the
estimated EPS of MPC on a standalone basis based on the revised MPC unaudited forecasted financial information to the EPS of the pro forma
combined company derived by applying the pro forma adjustments described above, (ii) the estimated CFPS of MPC on a standalone basis based on the
revised MPC unaudited forecasted financial information to the CFPS of the pro forma combined company derived by applying the pro forma
adjustments described above, and (iii) the estimated MPC CFPS on a standalone basis based on the revised MPC unaudited forecasted financial
information to the MPC CFPS of the pro forma combined company derived by applying the pro forma adjustments described above, in each case, with
the expected synergies for each of the years 2018E through 2022E. The following table summarizes the results of Barclays’ review of such metrics.
 

Accretion/Dilution Analysis Based on Andeavor Modified Unaudited Forecasted Financial Information (with Expected Synergies)  
   2018E   2019E   2020E   2021E   2022E  
Pro forma EBITDA   $9,184  $12,450  $15,906  $16,455  $14,932 
Pro forma EPS   $ 3.75  $ 7.14  $ 10.63  $ 11.01  $ 9.04 
% Accretion/Dilution    19.9%   5.2%   27.7%   37.1%   50.4% 
Pro forma CFPS   $10.65  $ 15.96  $ 19.54  $ 19.64  $ 17.83 
% Accretion/Dilution    5.6%   (3.0%)   9.7%   13.2%   14.5% 
Pro forma MPC CFPS   $ 8.91  $ 13.99  $ 17.45  $ 17.38  $ 15.41 
% Accretion/Dilution    6.6%   (3.7%)   10.8%   14.9%   16.7% 

Illustrative Accretion / Dilution Analysis Based on Equity Analyst Estimates

For illustrative purposes only, in each case based on equity analyst estimates, Barclays compared (i) the estimated EPS of MPC on a standalone
basis based on equity analyst estimates to the projected EPS of the pro forma combined company derived by applying the pro forma adjustments
described above, (ii) the estimated CFPS of MPC on a standalone basis based on equity analyst estimates to the CFPS of the pro forma combined
company
 

-116-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 130/241

Table of Contents

derived by applying the pro forma adjustments described above, and (iii) the estimated MPC CFPS on a standalone basis based on equity analyst
estimates to the Parent CFPS of the pro forma combined company derived by applying the pro forma adjustments described above in each case, with the
expected synergies for each of 2018E and 2019E. The following table summarizes the results of Barclays’ review of such metrics.
 

Accretion/Dilution Analysis Based on Equity Analyst Estimates
(with Expected Synergies)

 
 

   2018E   2019E  
Pro forma EBITDA   $10,319  $11,600 
Pro forma EPS   $ 4.83  $ 6.15 
% Accretion/Dilution    4.4%   6.3% 
Pro forma CFPS   $ 12.28  $ 13.96 
% Accretion/Dilution    4.0%   2.0% 
Pro forma MPC CFPS   $ 10.78  $ 12.19 
% Accretion/Dilution    4.4%   2.5% 

Barclays noted that the merger would be accretive to MPC’s EPS, CFPS, and MPC CFPS in all cases in 2018E and from 2020E to 2022E, and in
most cases in 2019E.

General

Barclays is an internationally recognized investment banking firm and, as part of its investment banking activities, is regularly engaged in the
valuation of businesses and their securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions, investments for passive and control purposes, negotiated
underwritings, competitive bids, secondary distributions of listed and unlisted securities, private placements and valuations for estate, corporate and
other purposes. The MPC board selected Barclays because of its familiarity with MPC and Andeavor, and its qualifications, reputation and experience in
the valuation of businesses and securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions generally, as well as substantial experience in transactions
comparable to the merger.

Barclays is acting as financial advisor to MPC in connection with the merger. As compensation for its services in connection with the merger,
Barclays will receive a fee for its services in the amount of $28.5 million. MPC paid Barclays $5 million upon the rendering of Barclays’ opinion, which
is referred to as the opinion fee, and the remaining portion of Barclays’ fee will be paid to Barclays upon completion of the merger. The opinion fee is
creditable against such amount and other fees that may become payable including as set forth in the following sentence. In the event the merger
agreement is terminated in circumstances in which the termination fee is payable by Andeavor (as described in the section entitled “The Merger
Agreement—Termination—Termination Fees Payable by Andeavor” beginning on page 183), MPC will pay Barclays a fee equal to the lesser of (i) 10%
of such termination fee and (ii) the amount that would otherwise have been paid to Barclays if the merger had been consummated in accordance with the
terms of the merger agreement. In addition, MPC has agreed to reimburse Barclays for its reasonable expenses incurred in connection with the merger
(subject to an agreed cap and regardless of whether the merger is consummated) and to indemnify Barclays for certain liabilities that may arise out of its
engagement by MPC.

Barclays has performed various investment banking and financial services for MPC, Andeavor and their respective affiliates in the past, and is
likely to perform such services in the future, and has received, and is likely to receive, customary fees for such services. Specifically, since April 29,
2016, Barclays has performed the following investment banking and financial services for MPC and its affiliates:
 

 •  acting as lender, joint lead arranger, joint bookrunner, and documentation agent in MPC’s revolving credit facilities;
 

 •  acting as lender, joint lead arranger, joint bookrunner, and documentation agent in the revolving credit facilities of MPLX;
 

-117-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 131/241

Table of Contents

 
•  acting as sales agent in MPLX’s at-the market program relating to the issuance and sale from time to time by MPLX of common units

representing limited partner interests in MPLX having an aggregate offering price of up to $1,740,959,652;
 

 

•  in February 2018, acting as underwriter, joint global coordinator and bookrunner to the offering by MPLX of $500,000,000 aggregate
principal amount of 3.375% senior notes due 2023, $1,250,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 4.000% senior notes due 2028,
$1,750,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 4.500% senior notes due 2038, $1,500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 4.700% senior
notes due 2048, and $500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 4.900% senior notes due 2058;

 

 •  in January 2018, acting as lender, joint lead arranger, joint bookrunner, and syndication agent for a $4.1 billion term loan for MPLX; and
 

 
•  in February 2017, as underwriter and joint bookrunner to the offering by MPLX of $1,250,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 4.125%

senior notes due 2027 and $1,000,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 5.200% senior notes due 2047.

Barclays has received and booked a total of approximately $7 million in customary compensation for investment banking and financial services
(excluding fees in connection with the merger as described above) from MPC and its affiliates since the beginning of 2016.

Additionally, since April 29, 2016, Barclays has performed the following investment banking and financial services for Andeavor (including its
predecessor entity, Tesoro Corporation) and its affiliates:
 

 •  acting as joint lead arranger and joint bookrunner in Andeavor’s revolving credit facility;
 

 •  acting as co-syndication agent, joint lead arranger and joint bookrunner in the revolving credit facility of Andeavor Logistics;
 

 
•  acting as sales agent in Andeavor Logistics’s at-the-market program relating to the issuance and sale from time to time of common units

representing limited partner interests in Andeavor Logistics having an aggregate offering price of up to $750,000,000;
 

 •  in June 2016, acting as sole underwriter for Andeavor Logistics’s offering of an aggregate of 6,325,000 of its limited partner units; and
 

 
•  in May 2016, acting as joint book-running managers and underwriters of Andeavor Logistics’s offering of $250 million aggregate principal

amount of 6.125% senior notes due 2021 and $450 million aggregate principal amount of 6.375% senior notes due 2024.

Barclays has received and booked a total of approximately $5 million in customary compensation for investment banking and financial services
from Andeavor (including its predecessor entity, Tesoro Corporation) and its affiliates since April 29, 2016.

In addition, since April 29, 2016, Barclays performed the following investment banking and financial services for Western Refining and its
affiliates prior to the consummation of the transaction between Western Refining and Andeavor:
 

 •  in June 2017, acting as financial advisor to Western Refining in its acquisition by Andeavor;
 

 •  acting as co-syndication agent, joint lead arranger and joint bookrunner in the revolving credit facility of Andeavor Logistics;
 

 •  acting as lender in Western Refining’s revolving credit facilities;
 

 •  acting as lender and incremental lender in the revolving credit facilities of WNRL;
 

 •  in September 2016, acting as underwriter and joint book-running manager to the offering by WNRL of 8,625,000 limited partner units; and
 

 •  in May 2016, acting as sole underwriter to the offering by WNRL of 4,312,500 limited partner units.
 

-118-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 132/241

Table of Contents

Barclays has received and booked a total of approximately $28 million in customary compensation for investment banking and financial services
from Western Refining and its affiliates since April 29, 2016 and prior to the consummation of the transaction between Western Refining and Andeavor.

Barclays and its affiliates engage in a wide range of businesses from investment and commercial banking, lending, asset management and other
financial and non-financial services. In the ordinary course of its business, Barclays and its affiliates may actively trade and effect transactions in the
equity, debt and/or other securities (and any derivatives thereof) and financial instruments (including loans and other obligations) of MPC and Andeavor
and their respective affiliates for its own account and for the accounts of its customers and, accordingly, may at any time hold long or short positions and
investments in such securities and financial instruments.

Recommendation of the Andeavor Board and Reasons for the Merger

The Andeavor board unanimously recommends that the Andeavor stockholders vote “FOR” the Andeavor merger proposal.

As part of its ongoing efforts to strengthen Andeavor’s business and enhance stockholder value, the Andeavor board has, at various board
meetings, periodically reviewed the strategic landscape in its industry and evaluated various potential strategic opportunities for Andeavor. In
considering these potential strategic opportunities, the Andeavor board has taken into account various factors, including potential synergy opportunities,
geographic diversification, integration with logistics and marketing, asset quality and likelihood that such opportunity could be executed and be value
enhancing for its stockholders. The Andeavor board, with the advice and assistance of its financial and legal advisors and Andeavor management,
reviewed, evaluated and considered, and, at a meeting held on April 29, 2018, unanimously approved the merger agreement, the merger and the other
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

In reaching the decisions to approve the merger agreement, the merger and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement and to
recommend that Andeavor stockholders vote to adopt the merger agreement and approve the merger, the Andeavor board consulted extensively with its
financial and legal advisors and Andeavor management. After such discussions, the Andeavor board unanimously determined the proposed merger to be
advisable and in the best interests of Andeavor and its stockholders.

The Andeavor board’s decision to approve the merger agreement, the merger and the other transactions contemplated thereby and to recommend
to Andeavor’s stockholders that they vote to adopt the merger agreement and approve the merger was based on a number of factors, including the
following (which are not necessarily presented in order of relative importance):
 

 

•  The current and prospective competitive climate in the oil refining, logistics and retail industry in which Andeavor and MPC both operate,
including the potential for further consolidation in the refining and marketing industry in North America, as well as the financial condition
of the U.S. and global economy in general and the impact that such macroeconomic trends have had and could potentially continue to have
on Andeavor’s results and operations.

 

 

•  The Andeavor board’s knowledge of, and discussions with Andeavor management regarding, Andeavor’s business, operations, financial
condition, earnings and prospects and its knowledge of MPC’s business, operations, financial condition, earnings and prospects, taking into
account MPC’s publicly filed information, the results of Andeavor’s due diligence review of MPC conducted during the course of
discussions and the synergies assessment conducted.

 

 

•  Each of Andeavor and MPC operates in complementary geographies, the combination of which will create a larger and more geographically
diversified company with a strategic national presence that is better equipped to respond to economic, regulatory and industry developments,
including cyclical economic environments, and better positioned to develop and build on its positioning in the refining, logistics and retail
segments as compared to either company on a stand-alone basis.

 
-119-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 133/241

Table of Contents

 

•  The aggregate value and composition of the consideration to be received by Andeavor stockholders in the merger, including the right for
Andeavor stockholders to elect to receive, for each share of Andeavor common stock held, either 1.87 shares of MPC common stock or
$152.27 in cash (subject to the allocation and proration procedures described in further detail in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement
—Election and Exchange Procedures” beginning on page 158), which, based on the closing price of MPC common stock on April 27, 2018,
represented a premium of approximately 24% over the closing price of Andeavor common stock on the same date and a premium of
approximately 28% over the 30-trading day VWAP exchange ratio of 1.4566x (VWAP exchange ratio is Andeavor VWAP / MPC VWAP).

 

 

•  That the merger agreement provides Andeavor stockholders with the ability to elect to receive either shares of MPC common stock or cash
for their shares of Andeavor common stock (subject to allocation and proration procedures described in further detail in the section entitled
“The Merger Agreement—Election and Exchange Procedures” beginning on page 158), and that, following the merger, Andeavor
stockholders who receive stock consideration will have the opportunity to participate in the future growth of the combined company
following the merger, including the projected synergies at the combined company, and any general improvement in the oil refining market as
a whole.

 

 

•  The anticipated equity structure of the combined company, which consists of an approximate 66% ownership by current MPC stockholders
and an approximate 34% ownership by current Andeavor stockholders (based on the closing price of Andeavor and MPC common stock as
of April 27, 2018 and the number of Andeavor shares and MPC shares outstanding as of April 26, 2018) allowing current Andeavor
stockholders to participate in the future growth of the combined company and fully enjoy the benefits of the merger through realization of
synergies, as well as the risks and uncertainties associated with the realization of a combined business strategy and synergies.

 

 
•  That the exchange ratio represents a fixed number of shares of MPC common stock, which affords the Andeavor stockholders who receive

MPC stock the opportunity to benefit from any increase in the trading price of MPC common stock between the announcement and
completion of the merger.

 

 
•  The Andeavor board’s belief that the terms of the merger agreement were consistent with market practice and would not preclude or deter a

willing and financially capable third party, were one to exist, from making a superior proposal following the announcement of the merger
agreement.

 

 
•  Andeavor’s management’s expectation, based on assessments conducted by both Andeavor and MPC and the demonstrated ability of both

companies to achieve the projected synergies in previous transactions, that the combined company is expected to realize approximately $1
billion of annual gross, run-rate synergies within the first three years after the combination.

 

 
•  Andeavor stockholders are expected to benefit from synergies and growth from the transaction, considering factors including MPC’s

business, assets, financial condition, results of operations, business plan and prospects, the size and scale of the combined company and the
expected pro forma effect of the merger on the combined company.

 

 
•  The expectation that the merger will create a large-scale, geographically diversified and highly integrated refining, marketing and midstream

company with an initial enterprise value of over $90 billion, calculated based on the closing market prices of Andeavor shares, Andeavor
Logistics common units, MPC shares and MPLX common units as of April 27, 2018.

 

 
•  The expectation that, following the merger, MPC would have a strong financial and credit profile, given the more diverse asset base and

stronger balance sheet of the combined company, which may lower borrowing costs for the combined company.
 

 
•  MPC’s track record of executing and integrating large transactions, with examples including its improved environmental and safety

performance, advanced operational excellence and lowered operating costs from its acquisition of the Galveston Bay refinery, its successful
integration of the retail

 
-120-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 134/241

Table of Contents

 
portfolio since Speedway LLC’s acquisition from Hess Corporation and MPLX’s strategic transformation and expansion into midstream
natural gas business over the past three years since its merger with MarkWest Energy Partners in 2015.

 

 
•  The fact that, following the completion of the merger, four members of the current Andeavor board will be added to the MPC board, and

Mr. Goff will become the Executive Vice Chairman of the combined company, continuing to provide leadership and be integrally involved
in the strategy of the combined company.

 

 

•  The financial analysis reviewed and discussed with the Andeavor board by representatives of Goldman Sachs, as well as the oral opinion of
Goldman Sachs rendered on April 29, 2018, which was subsequently confirmed by delivery of a written opinion of Goldman Sachs, dated of
even date therewith, to the Andeavor board to the effect that, as of such date, and based upon and subject to the assumptions, limitations,
qualifications and other matters set forth in the written opinion, the exchange ratio together with the cash consideration, which is subject to
proration and certain other procedures and limitations contained in the merger agreement, as to which procedures and limitations Goldman
Sachs expressed no opinion, to be paid to the holders (other than MPC and its affiliates) of the outstanding shares of Andeavor common
stock pursuant to the merger agreement was fair, from a financial point of view, to such holders. See the section entitled “The Merger—
Opinion of Goldman Sachs, Andeavor’s Financial Advisor” beginning on page 124. The full text of the written opinion of Goldman Sachs is
attached as Annex D to this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

 

 

•  The review by the Andeavor board with its legal and financial advisors of the structure of the proposed merger and the financial and other
terms of the merger agreement, including MPC’s representations, warranties and covenants, the conditions to its obligations and the
termination provisions and related termination fees, as well as the likelihood of consummation of the proposed merger and the Andeavor
board’s evaluation of the likely time period necessary to close the merger.

 

 

•  That Andeavor expects that, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the merger will be treated as a “reorganization” within the meaning of
Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code and that it is a condition to Andeavor’s obligation to complete the merger that Andeavor
receive a written opinion of its legal counsel substantially to the effect that, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the merger will qualify as
a “reorganization” within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.

The Andeavor board also considered the following specific aspects of the merger agreement (which are not necessarily presented in order of
relative importance):
 

 

•  That the merger agreement provides Andeavor stockholders with the ability to choose to receive either the stock consideration or the cash
consideration (subject to the allocation and proration procedures described in this joint proxy statement/prospectus) and that, following the
merger, Andeavor stockholders who receive the stock consideration will have the opportunity to participate in the future growth of the
combined company following the merger as described above.

 

 
•  The Andeavor board’s belief that the terms of the merger agreement, including Andeavor’s representations, warranties and covenants and

the conditions to each party’s obligations, are reasonable and consistent with applicable market practice.
 

 
•  The fact that the merger agreement provides that, under certain circumstances, and subject to certain conditions, Andeavor is permitted to

furnish information to and conduct negotiations with a third party in connection with an unsolicited proposal for a business combination or
acquisition of Andeavor that constitutes or would reasonably be expected to result in a “superior proposal.”

 

 
•  The fact that the Andeavor board, subject to certain conditions, has the right to make an adverse Andeavor recommendation change or

terminate the merger agreement to enter into a definitive agreement related to a superior proposal, subject to giving MPC notice and an
opportunity to propose changes to the merger agreement, and the payment of a termination fee of $600 million in the event of

 
-121-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 135/241

Table of Contents

 
actual termination (which amount was determined after consultation with its legal and financial advisors and fairly and strenuously
negotiated).

 

 
•  The fact that the Andeavor board believed that the termination fee payable under certain circumstances is consistent with market practice

and would not preclude or deter a willing and financially capable third party, were one to exist, from making a superior proposal following
the announcement of the transaction with MPC.

 

 

•  The fact that there are limited circumstances in which the MPC board may terminate the merger agreement or change its recommendation
that its stockholders approve the issuance of shares of MPC common stock in connection with the merger, and if the merger agreement is
terminated by Andeavor as a result of a change in recommendation of the MPC board to approve such stock issuance or by MPC in order to
enter into a definitive agreement with a third party for certain alternative transactions, then in each case MPC has agreed to pay Andeavor a
fee of $800 million, and if the merger agreement is terminated by either party because MPC stockholders have not approved the stock
issuance upon a vote taken thereon, then MPC has agreed to pay Andeavor a fee of $75 million.

In the course of its deliberations, the Andeavor board also considered a variety of risks, uncertainties and other potentially negative factors,
including the following (which are not necessarily presented in order of relative importance):
 

 

•  The risks and costs to Andeavor if the merger is not completed, including the diversion of management and employee attention, potential
employee attrition, the potential effect on Andeavor’s business and relations with its customers, suppliers, vendors, employees and
independent contractors and the potential impact on its stock price, and that, while the transactions are expected to be completed, there is no
assurance that all conditions to the parties’ obligations to complete the transactions will be satisfied or waived, and, as a result, it is possible
that the transactions might not be completed even if approved by Andeavor’s stockholders.

 

 
•  The possibility that MPC’s stockholders may not approve the issuance of the shares of MPC common stock to be issued to Andeavor’s

stockholders.
 

 
•  The possibility that regulatory agencies may not approve the merger or may impose terms and conditions on their approvals that adversely

affect the business and financial results of the combined company as more fully described in the section entitled “The Merger—Regulatory
Approvals” beginning on page 144.

 

 •  The transaction costs to be incurred in connection with the merger.
 

 
•  That MPC is relying on its cash on hand and, if it so chooses, other available borrowings to fund the cash portion of the merger

consideration, and, while there is no financing condition in the merger agreement, MPC could fail to have sufficient cash to close the
merger.

 

 
•  That the merger agreement contains restrictions on the conduct of Andeavor’s business prior to the completion of the merger, including the

requirement that Andeavor conduct its business only in the ordinary course, subject to specific exceptions, which could delay or prevent
Andeavor from undertaking business opportunities that may arise pending the completion of the merger.

 

 
•  That the merger agreement imposes limitations on Andeavor’s ability to solicit alternative transactions prior to closing and its ability to

terminate the merger agreement, including a requirement that Andeavor pay a $600 million termination fee in the circumstances described in
“The Merger Agreement—Termination—Termination Fees Payable by Andeavor” beginning on page 183.

 

 
•  That, if the merger agreement is terminated by either party because Andeavor’s stockholders have not adopted the merger agreement upon a

vote taken thereof at the Andeavor special meeting, Andeavor would be required to pay MPC a fee of $75 million.
 

-122-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 136/241

Table of Contents

 

•  The possibility that because the merger consideration is either a fixed dollar amount or a fixed number of shares of MPC common stock,
subject to the allocation and proration procedures, Andeavor stockholders could be adversely affected by a decrease in the trading price of
MPC common stock relative to the trading price of Andeavor common stock (to the extent that Andeavor stockholders receive MPC
common stock instead of cash) during the pendency of the merger and the fact that the merger agreement does not provide Andeavor with a
price-based termination right or other similar protection.

 

 
•  The likelihood that, because of the allocation and proration procedures set forth in the merger agreement, Andeavor stockholders who make

either the cash election or the stock election will not receive the cash consideration or the stock consideration, as applicable, for some or all
of the shares of Andeavor common stock for which they had made such an election.

 

 

•  The fact that, consistent with the expected qualification of the merger as a “reorganization” within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the
Internal Revenue Code, Andeavor’s stockholders will, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, recognize taxable gain, if any, in the merger up
to the amount of the cash consideration they receive (excluding any cash received in lieu of fractional shares) and will also recognize gain or
loss with respect to any cash received in lieu of fractional shares.

 

 

•  The possibility that the combined company will not realize all of the anticipated strategic and other benefits of the merger, including as a
result of the challenges of combining the businesses, operations and workforces of MPC and Andeavor, the risk that expected operating
efficiencies and cost savings synergies may not be realized or will cost more to achieve than anticipated, and the risk that divestitures or
other accommodations required by antitrust regulatory authorities may decrease the anticipated strategic and other benefits of the merger to
the combined company.

 

 
•  The possibility that the termination fee of $600 million could potentially deter a potential acquirer from proposing an alternative transaction

that would provide value to Andeavor stockholders superior to that of the proposed merger.
 

 

•  The fact that Andeavor’s directors and executive officers may have interests in the merger that are different from, or in addition to, those of
Andeavor’s stockholders generally, including certain interests arising from the employment and compensation arrangements of Andeavor’s
executive officers, and the manner in which they would be affected by the merger as detailed in the section “The Merger—Interests of
Andeavor Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger,” “The Merger—Letter Agreement with Mr. Goff” and “The Merger—Advisory
Vote on Merger-Related Compensation for Andeavor’s Named Executive Officers” beginning on page 146, page 149 and page 150,
respectively.

 

 •  Various other risks described in the section entitled “Risk Factors” beginning on page 49.

The Andeavor board considered all of these factors as a whole and unanimously concluded that these factors supported a determination that the
proposed merger was advisable and in the best interests of Andeavor and its stockholders. The foregoing discussion of the information and factors
considered by the Andeavor board is not exhaustive. In view of the wide variety of factors considered by the Andeavor board in connection with its
evaluation of the merger and the complexity of these matters, the Andeavor board did not consider it practical to, nor did it attempt to, quantify, rank or
otherwise assign relative weights to the specific factors that it considered in reaching its decision. In considering the factors described above and any
other factors, individual members of the Andeavor board may have viewed factors differently or given different weight or merit to different factors.

In considering the recommendation of the Andeavor board that the Andeavor stockholders vote to approve and adopt the merger agreement and
the transactions contemplated thereby, Andeavor stockholders should be aware that the directors and executive officers of Andeavor may have certain
interests in the merger that may be different from, or in addition to, the interests of Andeavor stockholders generally. The Andeavor board was aware of
these interests and considered them when approving the merger agreement and recommending that Andeavor stockholders vote to approve and adopt the
merger agreement and the transactions contemplated
 

-123-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 137/241

Table of Contents

thereby. See the section entitled “The Merger—Interests of Andeavor Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger” beginning on page 146.

The foregoing discussion of the information and factors considered by the Andeavor board is forward-looking in nature. This information should
be read in light of the factors described in the section entitled “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” beginning on page 47.

Opinion of Goldman Sachs, Andeavor’s Financial Advisor

Goldman Sachs rendered its opinion to the Andeavor board that, as of April 29, 2018 and based upon and subject to the factors and assumptions
set forth therein, the aggregate consideration to be paid to the holders (other than MPC and its affiliates) of the outstanding shares of Andeavor common
stock pursuant to the merger agreement was fair from a financial point of view to such holders.

The full text of the written opinion of Goldman Sachs, dated April 29, 2018, which sets forth assumptions made, procedures followed,
matters considered and limitations on the review undertaken in connection with the opinion, is attached as Annex D. Goldman Sachs provided
advisory services and its opinion for the information and assistance of the Andeavor board in connection with its consideration of the merger.
The Goldman Sachs opinion is not a recommendation as to how any Andeavor stockholder should vote with respect to the merger, or any other
matter.

In connection with rendering the opinion described above and performing its related financial analyses, Goldman Sachs reviewed, among other
things:
 

 •  the merger agreement;
 

 •  annual reports to stockholders and annual reports on Form 10-K of Andeavor and MPC for the five years ended December 31, 2017;
 

 •  certain interim reports to stockholders and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q of Andeavor and MPC;
 

 •  certain other communications from Andeavor and MPC to their respective stockholders;
 

 •  certain publicly available research analyst reports for Andeavor and MPC; and
 

 

•  certain internal financial analyses and forecasts for Andeavor prepared by its management, which are referred to as the Andeavor forecasts,
certain internal financial analyses and forecasts for MPC standalone prepared by its management as adjusted by Andeavor management,
which are referred to as the MPC standalone forecasts, and certain financial analyses and forecasts for MPC pro forma for the merger
prepared by Andeavor management, which are referred to as the MPC pro forma forecasts and, together with the Andeavor forecasts and the
MPC standalone forecasts, the forecasts, in each case, as approved for Goldman Sachs’ use by Andeavor, including certain operating
synergies projected by Andeavor management to result from the merger, which are referred to as the synergies, as approved for Goldman
Sachs’ use by Andeavor. The Andeavor forecasts and the MPC standalone forecasts are summarized below in the section entitled “The
Merger—Unaudited Forecasted Financial Information” beginning on page 135.

Goldman Sachs also (i) held discussions with members of the senior managements of Andeavor and MPC regarding their assessment of the
strategic rationale for, and the potential benefits of, the merger and the past and current business operations, financial condition, and future prospects of
Andeavor and MPC; (ii) reviewed the reported price and trading activity for the Andeavor common stock and the MPC common stock; (iii) compared
certain financial and stock market information for Andeavor and MPC with similar information for certain other companies the securities of which are
publicly traded; (iv) reviewed the financial terms of certain business combinations in the oil and gas refining industry; and (v) performed such other
studies and analyses, and considered such other factors, as it deemed appropriate.
 

-124-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 138/241

Table of Contents

For purposes of rendering this opinion, Goldman Sachs, with Andeavor’s consent, relied upon and assumed the accuracy and completeness of all
of the financial, legal, regulatory, tax, accounting and other information provided to, discussed with or reviewed by, it, without assuming any
responsibility for independent verification thereof. In that regard, Goldman Sachs assumed with Andeavor’s consent that the forecasts, including the
synergies, were reasonably prepared on a basis reflecting the best currently available estimates and judgments of Andeavor management. Goldman
Sachs did not make an independent evaluation or appraisal of the assets and liabilities (including any contingent, derivative or other off-balance-sheet
assets and liabilities) of Andeavor or MPC or any of their respective subsidiaries and it was not furnished with any such evaluation or appraisal.
Goldman Sachs assumed that all governmental, regulatory or other consents and approvals necessary for the consummation of the merger will be
obtained without any adverse effect on Andeavor or MPC or on the expected benefits of the merger in any way meaningful to its analysis. Goldman
Sachs has also assumed that the merger will be consummated on the terms set forth in the merger agreement, without the waiver or modification of any
term or condition the effect of which would be in any way meaningful to its analysis.

Goldman Sachs’ opinion does not address the underlying business decision of Andeavor to engage in the merger or the relative merits of the
merger as compared to any strategic alternatives that may be available to Andeavor; nor does it address any legal, regulatory, tax or accounting matters.
Goldman Sachs was not requested to solicit, and did not solicit, interest from other parties with respect to an acquisition of, or other business
combination with, Andeavor or any other alternative transaction. Goldman Sachs’ opinion addresses only the fairness from a financial point of view to
the holders (other than MPC and its affiliates) of the outstanding shares of Andeavor common stock, as of the date of the opinion, of the aggregate
consideration to be paid to such holders pursuant to the merger agreement. Goldman Sachs’ opinion does not express any view on, and does not address,
any other term or aspect of the merger agreement or the merger or any term or aspect of any other agreement or instrument contemplated by the merger
agreement or entered into or amended in connection with the merger, including the fairness of the merger to, or any consideration received in connection
therewith by, the holders of any other class of securities, creditors, or other constituencies of Andeavor; nor as to the fairness of the amount or nature of
any compensation to be paid or payable to any of the officers, directors or employees of Andeavor, or class of such persons in connection with the
merger, whether relative to the aggregate consideration to be paid to the holders (other than MPC and its affiliates) of the outstanding shares of
Andeavor common stock pursuant to the merger agreement or otherwise. Goldman Sachs’ opinion was necessarily based on economic, monetary market
and other conditions, as in effect on, and the information made available to it as of the date of the opinion and Goldman Sachs assumed no responsibility
for updating, revising or reaffirming its opinion based on circumstances, developments or events occurring after the date of its opinion. In addition,
Goldman Sachs does not express any opinion as to the prices at which shares of MPC common stock will trade at any time or as to the impact of the
merger on the solvency or viability of Andeavor or MPC or the ability of Andeavor or MPC to pay their respective obligations when they come due.
Goldman Sachs’ opinion was approved by a fairness committee of Goldman Sachs.

The following is a summary of the material financial analyses delivered by Goldman Sachs to the Andeavor board in connection with rendering
the opinion described above. The following summary, however, does not purport to be a complete description of the financial analyses performed by
Goldman Sachs, nor does the order of analyses described represent relative importance or weight given to those analyses by Goldman Sachs. Some of
the summaries of the financial analyses include information presented in tabular format. The tables must be read together with the full text of each
summary and are alone not a complete description of Goldman Sachs’ financial analyses. Except as otherwise noted, the following quantitative
information, to the extent that it is based on market data, is based on market data as it existed on or before April 27, 2018, the last trading day before the
public announcement of the merger, and is not necessarily indicative of current market conditions.

Following Goldman Sachs’ presentation to the Andeavor board on April 29, 2018, which is referred to as the April 29 presentation, Goldman
Sachs determined that the actual multiple range (of 6.0x to 7.0x) used in the illustrative present value of future share price analyses was incorrectly
labeled as the presented multiple range (of 6.5x to 7.5x). Goldman Sachs subsequently performed such analyses, as of April 29, 2018, using the upper
end of
 

-125-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 139/241

Table of Contents

the presented multiple range (of 7.5x) to illustrate the results of such analyses using the presented multiple range that were not subsumed in the results of
such analyses using the actual multiple range as reflected in the April 29 presentation. Such subsequent analyses do not address any circumstances,
developments or events occurring after April 29, 2018, which is the date of the written opinion of Goldman Sachs, and Goldman Sachs’ opinion set
forth in its written opinion letter was provided only as of such date. Based upon and subject to the foregoing, Goldman Sachs confirmed to the Andeavor
board that, had Goldman Sachs performed its financial analyses set forth in the April 29 presentation using the presented multiple range, there would
have been no change to the conclusion set forth in the opinion letter of Goldman Sachs.

Historical Exchange Ratio Analysis. Goldman Sachs reviewed the historical trading prices for Andeavor common stock and MPC common stock
for the two-year period ended April 27, 2018 and calculated historical exchange ratios by dividing the closing price per share of Andeavor common
stock by the closing price per share of MPC common stock over such two-year period. Goldman Sachs then calculated the premia implied by the
exchange ratio in relation to historical exchange ratios of shares of Andeavor common stock to MPC common stock based on (i) the closing prices of
Andeavor common stock and MPC common stock on April 27, 2018 and (ii) the volume weighted average prices, which are referred to as VWAP, of
Andeavor common stock and MPC common stock during the 20-trading day, 30-trading day, 60-trading day and 90-trading day periods ended April 27,
2018. The following table presents the results of this analysis:
 

Historical Date or Period   Historical Exchange Ratio   

Premium Implied by
Exchange Ratio to

Historical Exchange Ratio 
April 27, 2018    1.5029x    24% 
20-Trading Day VWAP    1.4713x    27% 
30-Trading Day VWAP    1.4566x    28% 
60-Trading Day VWAP    1.4626x    28% 
90-Trading Day VWAP    1.5168x    23% 

Selected Companies Analysis. Goldman Sachs reviewed and compared certain financial information for Andeavor to corresponding financial
information, ratios and public market multiples for the following publicly traded corporations in the oil and gas refining industry, which are collectively
referred to as the selected companies, and MPC:
 

 •  Valero Energy Corporation, which is referred to as VLO
 

 •  Phillips 66, which is referred to as PSX

Although none of the selected companies is directly comparable to Andeavor or MPC, the companies included were chosen because they are
publicly traded companies in the North American oil and gas refining industry with business profiles that for purposes of analysis may be considered
similar to the business profiles of Andeavor and MPC.

Goldman Sachs also calculated and compared various financial multiples and ratios based on information from Bloomberg and Institutional
Brokers’ Estimate System, which is referred to as IBES, estimates. The multiples and ratios were calculated using closing stock prices on April 27, 2018
and, in the case of Andeavor, the $152.27 implied consideration per share of Andeavor common stock represented by the exchange ratio (which implied
consideration was obtained by multiplying the exchange ratio by the $81.43 closing price of MPC common stock on April 27, 2018). The multiples and
ratios of Andeavor and MPC were based on the Andeavor forecasts and the MPC standalone forecasts, respectively, and IBES estimates. The multiples
and ratios for each of the selected companies were based on IBES estimates.
 

-126-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 140/241

Table of Contents

Goldman Sachs calculated enterprise value as a multiple of estimated EBITDA for 2018, 2019 and 2020 for Andeavor, MPC and the selected
companies. The following table presents the results of this analysis:
 
   ANDV    

ANDV at Exchange
Ratio    MPC1    VLO    PSX2  

   IBES    
Andeavor
Forecasts    IBES    

Andeavor
Forecasts    IBES    

MPC
Standalone
Forecasts    IBES    IBES  

2018E    8.8x    7.8x    10.1x    8.9x    8.2x    9.4x    8.0x    9.3x 
2019E    7.6x    6.0x     8.7x     6.9x     7.7x    7.1x     7.4x    8.4x 
2020E    7.2x    4.5x     8.2x     5.1x     7.2x    6.2x     6.4x    8.3x 

Goldman Sachs calculated the price to earnings ratio for Andeavor, MPC and the selected companies based on projected earnings for 2018, 2019
and 2020. The following table presents the results of this analysis:
 
   ANDV   

ANDV at Exchange
Ratio   MPC3   VLO   PSX

   IBES   
Andeavor
Forecasts   IBES   

Andeavor
Forecasts   IBES   

MPC
Standalone
Forecasts   IBES   IBES

2018E   13.9x  11.7x   17.3x   14.6x   16.0x   24.6x   16.2x   16.5x
2019E   10.9x  7.8x   13.5x   9.7x   14.3x   13.1x   13.6x   14.9x
2020E   9.6x   5.1x   11.9x   6.4x   12.4x   10.5x   11.4x   13.4x

Goldman Sachs calculated the price to cash flow ratio for Andeavor, MPC and the selected companies based on projected cash flow from
operations and projected cash flow from operations per share for 2018, 2019 and 2020. The following table presents the results of this analysis:
 
   ANDV   

ANDV at Exchange
Ratio   MPC   VLO   PSX

   IBES  
Andeavor
Forecasts   IBES   

Andeavor
Forecasts   IBES  

MPC
Standalone
Forecasts   IBES  IBES

2018E   6.8x  6.7x   8.4x   8.3x   7.5x  8.1x   8.8x  10.2x
2019E   6.1x  5.0x   7.6x   6.3x   7.1x  5.4x   7.9x  9.1x
2020E   4.7x  3.6x   5.9x   4.5x   5.8x  4.9x   6.6x  7.7x

Premia Analysis. Goldman Sachs reviewed and analyzed, using publicly available information, the acquisition premia for transactions announced
since 2000 involving a U.S. acquirer and a U.S. target, where the disclosed equity value for the target was greater than $10 billion and at least 75% of
the total consideration consisted of stock consideration (excluding REIT and financial institution transactions). For the entire period, using publicly
available information, Goldman Sachs calculated the median premia of the price paid in the transactions relative to the closing stock prices of the target
involved in the transaction one, five and 30 trading days prior to the trading day on which such transaction was announced or a news report,
management commentary, public filing, or other public disclosure regarding such transaction occurred, which is referred to as the disturbed date.
Goldman Sachs also reviewed and analyzed the $152.27 implied consideration per share of Andeavor common stock represented by the exchange ratio
relative to the closing prices per share of Andeavor
 
1 MPC EBITDA adjusted to capitalize and amortize turnaround expenses per Andeavor management.
2 PSX EBITDA adjusted to exclude illustrative turnaround expenses calculated using publicly available estimates of turnaround expenses provided by

PSX and historical turnaround expenses, in each case, as approved by Andeavor management for use by Goldman Sachs.
3 MPC earnings adjusted to capitalize and amortize turnaround expenses per Andeavor management.
 

-127-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 141/241

Table of Contents

common stock one, five and 30 trading days prior to the public announcement of the merger. The following table presents the results of this analysis:
 

Historical Date or Period   Andeavor Peer Median
One trading day prior to disturbed date   24%  18%
Five trading days prior to disturbed date   29%  17%
30 trading days prior to disturbed date   57%  19%

Goldman Sachs then applied the median one-day, five-day and 30-day premia to the closing prices per share of Andeavor common stock one, five
and 30 trading days prior to the public announcement of the merger to derive a range of illustrative implied values per share of Andeavor common stock
of $115.33 to $144.77.

Selected Transactions Analysis. Goldman Sachs analyzed certain information relating to the following selected transactions in the oil and gas
refining industry since 2005. The following table presents the results of this analysis:
 
Announcement Year   Target   Acquirer   

One-Year Forward EV /
EBITDA Multiple

2005   Premcor Inc.   Valero Energy Corporation  5.7x
2011   Frontier Oil Corporation   Holly Corporation   6.3x
2013

  

Northern Tier Energy LP (100% of
general partner interest and 38.7% of

limited partnership interest)   

Western Refining, Inc.

  

5.3x

2015
  

Alon USA Energy, Inc. (48% of
outstanding shares)   

Delek US Holdings, Inc.
  

5.5x

2016   Western Refining, Inc.   Tesoro Corporation   8.8x

While none of the companies that participated in the selected transactions are directly comparable to Andeavor, and none of the selected
transactions is directly comparable to the merger, the companies that participated in the selected transactions are companies involved in the oil and gas
refining industry with operations and a business profile that, for the purposes of analysis, may be considered similar to certain of Andeavor’s results,
market size and business profile.

For each of the selected transactions, Goldman Sachs calculated and compared the estimated transaction enterprise value, which is (i) the
announced per share consideration paid or payable in the applicable transaction multiplied by the number of diluted outstanding shares of the target
company publicly available plus (ii) the net debt and, if applicable, non-controlling interests of the target company, in each case based on data obtained
from public filings, as a multiple of the target’s estimated EBITDA for the fiscal year after the fiscal year in which the selected transaction was
announced based on IBES estimates and Wall Street Research.

Goldman Sachs then applied an illustrative range of EV/EBITDA multiples of 5.3x to 8.8x to (i) estimated 2019 EBITDA for Andeavor as
reflected in the Andeavor forecasts, which is referred to as 2019 management EBITDA, and (ii) estimated 2019 EBITDA for Andeavor as reflected in
IBES estimates, which is referred to as 2019 street EBITDA, to derive a range of illustrative implied values of (i) $97.54 to $218.52 per share of
Andeavor common stock using 2019 management EBITDA and (ii) $58.92 to $153.82 per share of Andeavor common stock using 2019 street EBITDA.

Illustrative Discounted Cash Flow Analysis—Andeavor Standalone. Using the Andeavor forecasts, Goldman Sachs performed an illustrative
discounted cash flow analysis of Andeavor common stock on a standalone basis. Using discount rates ranging from 8.5% to 9.5%, reflecting estimates
of Andeavor’s weighted
 

-128-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 142/241

Table of Contents

average cost of capital, Goldman Sachs discounted to present value as of January 1, 2018 (i) estimates of unlevered free cash flow for Andeavor on a
standalone deconsolidated basis for the years 2018 through 2022 (excluding unlevered free cash flow from Andeavor Logistics, but including
distributions received from Andeavor Logistics) as reflected in the Andeavor forecasts and (ii) a range of illustrative terminal values for Andeavor on a
standalone basis, which were calculated by applying perpetuity growth rates ranging from 0% to 1%, to a terminal year estimate of the free cash flow to
be generated by Andeavor on a standalone basis, as approved for Goldman Sachs’ use by Andeavor. Goldman Sachs derived such discount rates by
application of the Capital Asset Pricing Model, which requires certain company-specific inputs, including the company’s target capital structure
weightings, the cost of long-term debt, after-tax yield on permanent excess cash, if any, future applicable marginal cash tax rate and a beta for the
company, as well as certain financial metrics for the United States financial markets generally. The range of perpetuity growth rates was estimated by
Goldman Sachs utilizing its professional judgment and experience, taking into account the Andeavor forecasts and market expectations regarding long-
term real growth of gross domestic product and inflation. Goldman Sachs derived ranges of illustrative enterprise values for Andeavor by adding the
ranges of present values it derived above. Goldman Sachs then subtracted from the range of illustrative enterprise values it derived for Andeavor on a
standalone basis the amount of Andeavor’s net debt (excluding net debt of Andeavor Logistics) as of December 31, 2017 of $3,405 million, as
calculated with information provided by Andeavor management, to derive a range of illustrative equity values for Andeavor on a standalone basis.
Goldman Sachs then divided the range of illustrative equity values it derived by the number of fully diluted outstanding shares of Andeavor on a
standalone basis of 152,903,573 shares, as provided by Andeavor management, to derive a range of illustrative present values per share of Andeavor
common stock on a standalone basis of $172.77 to $216.11.

Goldman Sachs also performed a sensitivity analysis to analyze the effect of changes in the growth rate for Andeavor’s refining gross margin. This
analysis utilized calculations of unlevered free cash flow for Andeavor on a standalone basis for the years 2018 through 2022 derived from the
Andeavor forecasts by assuming the growth rates for Andeavor’s refining gross margin from 2019 to 2022 are consistent with the estimated growth rates
for MPC’s refining gross margin over the same period as reflected in the MPC standalone forecasts, which are referred to as the MPC-based Andeavor
FCF estimates, and a range of illustrative terminal values for Andeavor on a standalone basis, which were calculated by applying perpetuity growth rates
ranging from 0% to 1%, to a terminal year estimate of the free cash flow to be generated by Andeavor on a standalone basis as reflected in the
MPC-based Andeavor FCF estimates, which are referred to as the MPC-based Andeavor terminal values, in each case, as directed by Andeavor
management, and otherwise using the same methodologies described above. This analysis resulted in a range of illustrative present values per share of
Andeavor common stock of $137.83 to $173.08.

Illustrative Discounted Cash Flow Analysis—Implied Valuation Uplift. Using the Andeavor forecasts, the MPC standalone forecasts and the
synergies and, assuming, alternatively, as directed by Andeavor management, that (x) with respect to a holder of Andeavor common stock electing to
receive stock consideration, 100% of the aggregate consideration received by such holder will consist of shares of MPC common stock based on the
exchange ratio, which is referred to as the all-stock consideration scenario and (y) with respect to a holder of Andeavor common stock electing to
receive cash consideration, 85% of the aggregate consideration received by such holder will consist of stock consideration based on the exchange ratio
and 15% of the aggregate consideration received by such holder will consist of the $152.27 cash consideration, which is referred to as the mixed
consideration scenario, Goldman Sachs performed an illustrative discounted cash flow analysis of MPC common stock pro forma for the merger and
calculated the implied valuation uplift for Andeavor common stock upon consummation of the merger. Goldman Sachs first performed an illustrative
discounted cash flow analysis for Andeavor on a standalone basis using the Andeavor forecasts and the other methodologies described above and
applying discount rates ranging from 8.5% to 9.5%, reflecting estimates of the weighted average cost of capital of MPC pro forma for the merger.
Goldman Sachs then performed an illustrative discounted cash flow analysis for MPC on a standalone basis, discounting to present value as of
January 1, 2018, using discount rates ranging from 8.5% to 9.5%, reflecting estimates of MPC’s weighted average cost of capital pro forma for the
merger, (i) estimates of unlevered free cash flow for MPC on a standalone deconsolidated basis for the years
 

-129-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 143/241

Table of Contents

2018 through 2022 (excluding unlevered free cash flow from MPLX, but including distributions received from MPLX) as reflected in the MPC
standalone forecasts and (ii) a range of illustrative terminal values for MPC on a standalone basis, which were calculated by applying perpetuity growth
rates ranging from 0% to 1%, to a terminal year estimate of the free cash flow to be generated by MPC on a standalone basis, as approved for Goldman
Sachs’ use by Andeavor. Goldman Sachs derived such discount rates by application of the Capital Asset Pricing Model, which requires certain
company-specific inputs, including the company’s target capital structure weightings, the cost of long-term debt, after-tax yield on permanent excess
cash, if any, future applicable marginal cash tax rate and a beta for the company, as well as certain financial metrics for the United States financial
markets generally. The range of perpetuity growth rates was estimated by Goldman Sachs utilizing its professional judgment and experience, taking into
account the MPC standalone forecasts and market expectations regarding long-term real growth of gross domestic product and inflation. Goldman Sachs
derived ranges of illustrative enterprise values for MPC on a standalone basis by adding the ranges of present values it derived above. Goldman Sachs
then performed an illustrative discounted cash flow analysis for the synergies, using the methodologies described above. In order to calculate a range of
implied present values of the synergies, Goldman Sachs discounted to present value as of January 1, 2018, using discount rates ranging from 8.5% to
9.5%, reflecting estimates of MPC’s weighted average cost of capital pro forma for the merger, (i) the free cash flow resulting from the estimated
synergies for the years 2018 through 2022 (including cost and capital to achieve such synergies) and (ii) a range of illustrative terminal values, which
were calculated by applying perpetuity growth rates of 0% to 1% to a terminal year estimate of the free cash flow to be generated by the synergies.
Goldman Sachs then added the illustrative standalone enterprise values for MPC and Andeavor and the illustrative present values of the synergies,
adjusted for pro forma net debt (excluding net debt of Andeavor Logistics and MPLX) and divided that amount by the number of fully diluted
outstanding shares of MPC pro forma for the merger of 710,380,884 shares, as provided by Andeavor management and assuming, as directed by
Andeavor management, a mixed consideration scenario to derive a range of illustrative present values per share of MPC common stock pro forma for
the merger. Goldman Sachs then calculated a range of illustrative implied values for the pro forma value to be received per share of Andeavor common
stock pursuant to the merger agreement for the all-stock consideration scenario as directed by Andeavor management by multiplying the implied price
per share of MPC common stock pro forma for the merger derived from the above analysis by the exchange ratio. Goldman Sachs then calculated a
range of illustrative implied values for the pro forma value to be received per share of Andeavor common stock pursuant to the merger agreement for the
mixed consideration scenario as directed by Andeavor management by adding (i) the product obtained by multiplying 0.85 by the product of the implied
price per share of MPC common stock pro forma for the merger derived from the above analysis multiplied by the exchange ratio and (ii) the product
obtained by multiplying 0.15 by the $152.27 cash consideration. This analysis resulted in a range of illustrative implied values for the pro forma value to
be received per share of Andeavor common stock pursuant to the merger agreement of (i) $177.57 to $222.15 assuming an all-stock consideration
scenario and (ii) $173.78 to $211.67 assuming a mixed consideration scenario.

Goldman Sachs also performed a sensitivity analysis to analyze the effect of changes in the growth rate for Andeavor’s refining gross margin from
2019 to 2022 using the MPC-based Andeavor FCF estimates and the MPC-based Andeavor terminal values, in each case, as directed by Andeavor
management, and otherwise using the same methodologies described above. This analysis resulted in a range of illustrative implied values for the pro
forma value to be received per share of Andeavor common stock pursuant to the merger agreement of (i) $163.51 to $204.83 assuming an all-stock
consideration scenario and (ii) $161.82 to $196.94 assuming a mixed consideration scenario.

Illustrative Present Value of Future Share Price Analysis—Andeavor Standalone. Goldman Sachs performed illustrative analyses of the implied
present values of illustrative future values per share of Andeavor common stock on a standalone basis, which is designed to provide an indication of the
present value of a theoretical future value of a company’s equity as a function of such company’s financial multiples. Goldman Sachs calculated
illustrative implied equity values per share of Andeavor common stock as of December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2019 on a standalone basis by
applying one-year forward EV/EBITDA multiples ranging
 

-130-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 144/241

Table of Contents

from 6.0x to 7.0x to estimated EBITDA for Andeavor for 2019 and 2020 as reflected in the Andeavor forecasts, which are referred to as the 2019
Andeavor EBITDA estimate and the 2020 Andeavor EBITDA estimate, respectively. To derive illustrative implied equity values per share of Andeavor
common stock on a standalone basis, Goldman Sachs subtracted from the range of illustrative enterprise values it derived for Andeavor on a standalone
basis (i) the amount of Andeavor’s net debt as of December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2019, as estimated by Andeavor management, (ii) illustrative
equity values of Andeavor’s non-controlling interest in Andeavor Logistics, which was calculated by applying an assumed EV/EBITDA multiple of 11x
to the estimated EBITDA for Andeavor Logistics for 2019 and 2020 as set forth in the Andeavor forecasts, subtracting from the resulting enterprise
values for Andeavor Logistics the amount of net debt and preferred equity for Andeavor Logistics as of December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2019, as
provided by Andeavor management, and multiplying the resulting illustrative equity values of Andeavor Logistics by the percentage of public
ownership in Andeavor Logistics of 38.5%, as provided by Andeavor management, and (iii) the amount of preferred equity for Andeavor Logistics as of
December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2019, respectively, as provided by Andeavor management. The illustrative multiple estimates were derived by
Goldman Sachs utilizing its professional judgment and experience, taking into account multiple estimates for Andeavor, MPC, Andeavor Logistics, the
selected companies and certain other master limited partnerships that for purposes of this analysis may be considered similar to Andeavor Logistics,
calculated using the forecasts and IBES estimates. Goldman Sachs then divided the range of illustrative equity values it derived by the number of fully
diluted outstanding shares of Andeavor on a standalone basis of 143,134,452 shares, as provided by Andeavor management (which gave effect to
estimated share repurchases by Andeavor for the remainder of 2018 but assumed no share repurchases after 2018 as directed by Andeavor management),
to derive a range of illustrative values per share of Andeavor common stock on a standalone basis as of December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2019.
Goldman Sachs then discounted to present value as of January 1, 2018, using an illustrative discount rate of 10.0%, reflecting an estimate of Andeavor’s
cost of equity, (i) the sum of (x) the theoretical future value of Andeavor common stock as of December 31, 2018 and (y) the aggregate per share
dividends estimated for 2018 as reflected in the Andeavor forecasts and (ii) the sum of (x) the theoretical future value of Andeavor common stock as of
December 31, 2019 and (y) the aggregate per share dividends estimated for 2018 and 2019 as reflected in the Andeavor forecasts. Goldman Sachs
derived the illustrative discount rate by application of the Capital Asset Pricing Model, which requires certain company-specific inputs, including a beta
for the company, as well as certain financial metrics for the United States financial markets generally. This analysis resulted in a range of illustrative
implied present values per share of Andeavor common stock of (i) $116.75 to $147.87 based on the 2019 Andeavor EBITDA estimate and (ii) $168.76
to $206.47 based on the 2020 Andeavor EBITDA estimate. The illustrative implied present value per share of Andeavor common stock resulting from
this analysis using the upper end of the presented multiple range was (i) $163.43 based on the 2019 Andeavor EBITDA estimate and (ii) $225.32 based
on the 2020 Andeavor EBITDA estimate.

Goldman Sachs also performed a sensitivity analysis to analyze the effect of a change in the growth rate for Andeavor’s refining gross margin in
2019. The analysis utilized calculations of EBITDA for Andeavor for fiscal year 2020 derived from the Andeavor forecasts by assuming the growth rate
for Andeavor’s refining gross margin from 2019 to 2020 is consistent with the estimated growth rate for MPC’s refining gross margin over the same
period as reflected in the MPC standalone forecasts, as directed by Andeavor management, and otherwise using the same methodologies described
above. This analysis resulted in a range of illustrative implied present values per share of Andeavor common stock of $145.95 to $179.85. The
illustrative implied present value per share of Andeavor common stock resulting from this sensitivity analysis using the upper end of the presented
multiple range was $196.80.

Illustrative Present Value of Future Share Price Analysis—Implied Valuation Uplift. Assuming, alternatively, as directed by Andeavor
management, the all-stock consideration scenario and the mixed consideration scenario, Goldman Sachs performed an illustrative analysis of the implied
present value, as of January 1, 2018, of the future price per share of MPC common stock pro forma for the merger and calculated the implied valuation
uplift for Andeavor common stock upon consummation of the merger. Goldman Sachs first calculated the implied values per share of MPC common
stock pro forma for the merger as of December 31,
 

-131-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 145/241

Table of Contents

2018 and December 31, 2019 by applying one-year forward EV/EBITDA multiples ranging from 6.0x to 7.0x to estimated EBITDA for fiscal years
2019 and 2020 as reflected in the MPC pro forma forecasts, which are referred to as the 2019 MPC pro forma EBITDA estimate and the 2020 MPC pro
forma EBITDA estimate, respectively, and adding to the resulting illustrative enterprise values an illustrative capitalized value of the synergies of
$10 billion, calculated using the forecasts and approved for Goldman Sachs’ use by Andeavor. To derive illustrative implied equity values per share of
MPC common stock pro forma for the merger, Goldman Sachs subtracted from the range of illustrative enterprise values it derived for MPC pro forma
for the merger (including the illustrative capitalized value of the synergies) (i) the amount of MPC’s net debt pro forma for the merger as of
December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2019, as estimated by Andeavor management, (ii) the estimated equity value of Andeavor’s non-controlling
interest in Andeavor Logistics and the estimated equity value of MPC’s non-controlling interest in MPLX, which were calculated by applying an
assumed EV/EBITDA multiple of 11x to the estimated EBITDA for Andeavor Logistics and the estimated EBITDA for MPLX for 2019 and 2020 as set
forth in the MPC pro forma forecasts, subtracting from the resulting enterprise values for each of Andeavor Logistics and MPLX the amount of net debt
and preferred equity for Andeavor Logistics and MPLX (on an as-converted basis for MPLX) as of December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2019,
respectively, as provided by Andeavor management, and multiplying the resulting equity values for each of Andeavor Logistics and MPLX by the
percentage of public ownership in Andeavor Logistics and MPLX, as provided by Andeavor management, which was 38.5% for Andeavor Logistics as
of both December 31, 2018 and 2019 and 36.4% and 38.8% for MPLX as of December 31, 2018 and as of December 31, 2019, respectively, and (iii) the
amount of preferred equity of Andeavor Logistics and MPLX (on an as-converted basis for MPLX) as of December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2019,
respectively, as provided by Andeavor management. The illustrative multiple estimates were derived by Goldman Sachs utilizing its professional
judgment and experience, taking into account multiple estimates for Andeavor, MPC, Andeavor Logistics, MPLX, the selected companies and certain
other master limited partnerships that for purposes of this analysis may be considered similar to Andeavor Logistics and MPLX, calculated using the
forecasts and IBES estimates. Goldman Sachs then divided the range of illustrative equity values it derived by the number of fully diluted outstanding
shares of MPC pro forma for the merger of 681,404,427 shares, as provided by Andeavor management (which gave effect to estimated share
repurchases by MPC pro forma for the merger for the rest of 2018 but assumed no share repurchases after 2018, as directed by Andeavor management)
and assuming, as directed by Andeavor management, a mixed consideration scenario. Goldman Sachs then discounted to present value as of January 1,
2018, using an illustrative discount rate of 9.7%, reflecting an estimate of MPC’s cost of equity pro forma for the merger, (i) the sum of (x) the
theoretical future value of MPC common stock pro forma for the merger as of December 31, 2018 and (y) the aggregate per share dividends estimated
for 2018 as reflected in the MPC pro forma forecasts and (ii) the sum of (x) the theoretical future value of MPC common stock pro forma for the merger
as of December 31, 2019 and (y) the aggregate per share dividends estimated for 2018 and 2019 as reflected in the MPC pro forma forecasts to derive a
range of illustrative implied present values per share of MPC common stock pro forma for the merger. Goldman Sachs derived the illustrative discount
rate by application of the Capital Asset Pricing Model, which requires certain company-specific inputs, including a beta for the company, as well as
certain financial metrics for the United States financial markets generally. Goldman Sachs then calculated a range of illustrative implied values for the
pro forma value to be received per share of Andeavor common stock pursuant to the merger agreement for the all-stock consideration scenario as
directed by Andeavor management by multiplying the implied present values per share of MPC common stock pro forma for the merger derived from
the above analysis by the exchange ratio. Goldman Sachs then calculated a range of illustrative implied values for the pro forma value to be received per
share of Andeavor common stock for the mixed consideration scenario as directed by Andeavor management by adding (i) the product obtained by
multiplying 0.85 by the product of the implied present values per share of MPC common stock pro forma for the merger derived from the above analysis
multiplied by the exchange ratio and (ii) the product obtained by multiplying 0.15 by the $152.27 cash consideration. This analysis resulted in a range of
illustrative implied values for the pro forma value to be received per share of Andeavor common stock pursuant to the merger agreement of (i) $132.14
to $165.44 based on the 2019 MPC pro forma EBITDA estimate and assuming an all-stock consideration scenario, (ii) $167.75 to $204.72 based on the
2020 MPC pro forma EBITDA estimate and assuming an all-stock consideration scenario, (iii) $135.16 to $163.46 based on the 2019 MPC pro forma
EBITDA estimate and assuming a mixed
 

-132-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 146/241

Table of Contents

consideration scenario and (iv) $165.43 to $196.85 based on the 2020 MPC pro forma EBITDA estimate and assuming a mixed consideration scenario.
The illustrative implied value for the pro forma value to be received per share of Andeavor common stock resulting from this analysis using the upper
end of the presented multiple range was (i) $182.08 based on the 2019 MPC pro forma EBITDA estimate and assuming an all-stock consideration
scenario, (ii) $223.20 based on the 2020 MPC pro forma EBITDA estimate and assuming an all-stock consideration scenario, (iii) $177.61 based on the
2019 MPC pro forma EBITDA estimate and assuming a mixed consideration scenario and (iv) $212.56 based on the 2020 MPC pro forma EBITDA
estimate and assuming a mixed consideration scenario.

Goldman Sachs also performed a sensitivity analysis to analyze the effect of a change in the growth rate for Andeavor’s refining gross margin in
2019. The analysis utilized calculations of EBITDA for fiscal year 2020 derived from the MPC pro forma forecasts by assuming the growth rate for
Andeavor’s refining gross margin from 2019 to 2020 is consistent with the estimated growth rate for MPC’s refining gross margin over the same period
as reflected in the MPC standalone forecasts, as directed by Andeavor management, and otherwise using the same methodologies described above. This
analysis resulted in a range of illustrative implied values for the pro forma value to be received per share of Andeavor common stock pursuant to the
merger agreement of (i) $158.55 to $193.98 assuming an all-stock consideration scenario and (ii) $157.61 to $187.73 assuming a mixed consideration
scenario. The illustrative implied value for the pro forma value to be received per share of Andeavor common stock resulting from this sensitivity
analysis using the upper end of the presented multiple range was (i) $211.70 assuming an all-stock consideration scenario and (ii) $202.79 assuming a
mixed consideration scenario.

The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process and is not necessarily susceptible to partial analysis or summary description. Selecting
portions of the analyses or of the summary set forth above, without considering the analyses as a whole, could create an incomplete view of the
processes underlying Goldman Sachs’ opinion. In arriving at its fairness determination, Goldman Sachs considered the results of all of its analyses and
did not attribute any particular weight to any factor or analysis considered by it. Rather, Goldman Sachs made its determination as to fairness on the
basis of its experience and professional judgment after considering the results of all of its analyses. No company or transaction used in the above
analyses as a comparison is directly comparable to Andeavor or MPC or the contemplated merger.

Goldman Sachs prepared these analyses for purposes of Goldman Sachs’ providing its opinion to the Andeavor board as to the fairness from a
financial point of view to the holders (other than MPC and its affiliates) of the outstanding shares of Andeavor common stock, as of the date of the
opinion, of the aggregate consideration to be paid to such holders pursuant to the merger agreement. These analyses do not purport to be appraisals nor
do they necessarily reflect the prices at which businesses or securities actually may be sold. Analyses based upon forecasts of future results are not
necessarily indicative of actual future results, which may be significantly more or less favorable than suggested by these analyses. Because these
analyses are inherently subject to uncertainty, being based upon numerous factors or events beyond the control of the parties or their respective advisors,
none of Andeavor, MPC, Goldman Sachs or any other person assumes responsibility if future results are materially different from those forecast.

The aggregate consideration was determined through arm’s-length negotiations between Andeavor and MPC and was approved by the Andeavor
board. Goldman Sachs provided advice to Andeavor during these negotiations. Goldman Sachs did not, however, recommend any specific amount of
consideration to Andeavor or the Andeavor board or that any specific amount of consideration constituted the only appropriate consideration for the
merger.

As described above, Goldman Sachs’ opinion to the Andeavor board was one of many factors taken into consideration by the Andeavor board in
making its determination to approve the merger agreement. The foregoing summary does not purport to be a complete description of the analyses
performed by Goldman Sachs in connection with the fairness opinion and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the written opinion of Goldman
Sachs attached as Annex D.
 

-133-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 147/241

Table of Contents

Goldman Sachs and its affiliates are engaged in advisory, underwriting and financing, principal investing, sales and trading, research, investment
management and other financial and non-financial activities and services for various persons and entities. Goldman Sachs and its affiliates and
employees, and funds or other entities in which they invest or with which they co-invest, may at any time purchase, sell, hold or vote long or short
positions and investments in securities, derivatives, loans, commodities, currencies, credit default swaps and other financial instruments of Andeavor,
MPC, any of their respective affiliates and third parties, or any currency or commodity that may be involved in the merger contemplated by the merger
agreement for the accounts of Goldman Sachs and its affiliates and employees and their customers. Goldman Sachs acted as financial advisor to
Andeavor in connection with, and participated in certain of the negotiations leading to, the merger contemplated by the merger agreement. Goldman
Sachs has provided certain investment banking services to Andeavor and its affiliates from time to time for which the Investment Banking Division of
Goldman Sachs has received, and may receive, compensation, including having acted as joint bookrunner with respect to the public offering of
Andeavor Logistics, an affiliate of Andeavor, and Tesoro Logistics Finance Corp.’s, an affiliate of Andeavor, 6.125% Senior Notes due 2021 (aggregate
principal amount $250 million) and 6.375% Senior Notes due 2024 (aggregate principal amount $450 million) in May 2016; as joint lead arranger with
respect to a term loan facility for Western Refining, a subsidiary of Andeavor, (aggregate principal amount of $500 million) in June 2016; as Western
Refining’s financial advisor in connection with its acquisition of Northern Tier Energy LP in June 2016; as joint bookrunner with respect to the public
offering of 7,500,000 common units representing limited partner interests in Western Refining Logistics, LP, which is referred to as WNRL, an affiliate
of Andeavor, in September 2016; as Andeavor’s financial advisor in connection with its acquisition of Western Refining in November 2016; as lead
bookrunner with respect to the public offering of Andeavor’s 4.750% Senior Notes due 2023 (aggregate principal amount $850 million) and 5.125%
Senior Notes due 2026 (aggregate principal amount $750 million) in December 2016; as Andeavor’s financial advisor in connection with the merger of
Andeavor Logistics and WNRL and the buy-in of Andeavor Logistics’s incentive distribution rights announced in August 2017; as joint bookrunner
with respect to the public offering of Andeavor Logistics and Tesoro Logistics Finance Corp.’s 3.500% Senior Notes due 2022 (aggregate principal
amount $500 million), 4.250% Senior Notes due 2027 (aggregate principal amount $750 million) and 5.200% Senior Notes due 2047 (aggregate
principal amount $500 million) in November 2017; as joint bookrunner with respect to the public offering of Andeavor Logistics’s 6.875% Series A
Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Units (aggregate principal amount $600 million) in November 2017; and as joint
bookrunner with respect to Andeavor’s public offering of 3.800% Senior Notes due 2028 (aggregate principal amount $500 million) and 4.500% Senior
Notes due 2048 (aggregate principal amount $500 million) in December 2017. During the two year period ended April 29, 2018, Goldman Sachs has
recognized compensation for financial advisory and/or underwriting services provided by its Investment Banking Division to Andeavor and/or its
affiliates of approximately $64.9 million. Goldman Sachs also has provided certain investment banking services to MPC and its affiliates from time to
time for which the Investment Banking Division of Goldman Sachs has received, and may receive, compensation, including having acted as joint
bookrunner with respect to the public offering for MPLX, an affiliate of MPC, of its 3.375% Senior Notes due 2023 (aggregate principal amount $500
million), 4.000% Senior Notes due 2028 (aggregate principal amount $1.25 billion), 4.500% Senior Notes due 2038 (aggregate principal amount $1.75
billion), 4.700% Senior Notes due 2048 (aggregate principal amount $1.5 billion) and 4.900% Senior Notes due 2058 (aggregate principal amount $500
million) in February 2018. During the two year period ended April 29, 2018, Goldman Sachs has recognized compensation for financial advisory and/or
underwriting services provided by its Investment Banking Division to MPC and/or its affiliates of approximately $3.2 million. Goldman Sachs may also
in the future provide investment banking services to Andeavor, MPC and their respective affiliates for which the Investment Banking Division of
Goldman Sachs may receive compensation.

The Andeavor board selected Goldman Sachs as its financial advisor because it is an internationally recognized investment banking firm that has
substantial experience in transactions similar to the merger. Pursuant to a letter agreement dated April 15, 2018, Andeavor engaged Goldman Sachs to
act as its financial advisor in connection with the contemplated merger. The engagement letter between Andeavor and Goldman Sachs provides for a
transaction fee of $45 million, all of which becomes payable at consummation of the merger and is contingent upon consummation of the merger. In
addition, Andeavor has agreed to reimburse Goldman
 

-134-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 148/241

Table of Contents

Sachs for certain of its expenses, including attorneys’ fees and disbursements, and to indemnify Goldman Sachs and related persons against various
liabilities, including certain liabilities under the federal securities laws.

Unaudited Forecasted Financial Information

MPC prepared unaudited forecasted financial information for the years 2018 through 2022 for MPC on a standalone basis and, using Andeavor
unaudited forecasted financial information provided by Andeavor, prepared unaudited forecasted financial information for the years 2018 through 2022
for Andeavor on a standalone basis. Andeavor prepared unaudited forecasted financial information for the years 2018 through 2022 for Andeavor on a
standalone basis and, using MPC unaudited forecasted financial information provided by MPC, prepared unaudited forecasted financial information for
the years 2018 through 2022 for MPC on a standalone basis. The unaudited forecasted financial information does not give effect to the merger, including
the approximate $1 billion in anticipated annual gross, run-rate synergies, expected to be realized within the first three years after the combination,
identified by MPC management and their related costs or expenses. Such synergies-related costs or expenses include approximately $300 million of one-
time expenses expected in the first two years following the merger and any incremental capital spending necessary to achieve some of the synergies, the
total of which is expected to be immaterial relative to the projected capital spending of the combined business over the first five years. The unaudited
forecasted financial information was prepared separately by each of the companies using, in some cases, different assumptions, and is not intended to be
added together. Adding the unaudited forecasted financial information together for the two companies is not intended to represent the results the
combined company will achieve if the merger is completed and is not intended to represent forecasted financial information for the combined company
if the merger is completed.

Each party’s unaudited forecasted financial information was prepared based on MPC’s long-term pricing forecast for certain crude oils and refined
products in markets relevant for MPC in order to maintain consistent market assumptions for key inputs for calculating refining margins. While many of
these specific price forecasts are relevant for both companies (West Texas Intermediate or “WTI” – Midland and Brent pricing for crude oil, for
example), because MPC does not operate on the West Coast of the United States, its price forecast did not contain pricing for key Andeavor crude oils
and refined products (Alaska North Slope or “ANS” crude oil, Los Angeles CARBOB gasoline, for example). As such, ratios of pricing from
independent consultants were used to generate West Coast crude oil and refined products pricing for Andeavor that would be consistent with MPC’s
long-term price forecast.

Refining margin is the difference between the prices of refined products sold and the costs of crude oil and other charge and blendstocks refined,
including the costs to transport these inputs to our refineries and the costs of products purchased for resale. Because there is no standard definition for
refining margins, which tend to be company specific, crack spreads are commonly used by the industry as a proxy for refining margin. Crack spread is a
measure of the difference between market prices for refined products and crude oil.

Both companies’ crude and product slates differ from those used in the benchmark crack spread calculations. These differing crude and product
slates are typically purchased or sold at prices that vary from the benchmark, impacting the resulting refining margin achieved.
 

-135-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 149/241

Table of Contents

The Unaudited Forecasted Financial Information of MPC, the Unaudited Forecasted Financial Information of Andeavor and the Adjusted
Unaudited Forecasted Financial information of Andeavor were prepared based on the following key assumptions (other than the 2018E numbers
included in the Unaudited Forecasted Financial Information of Andeavor and the Adjusted Unaudited Forecasted Financial Information of Andeavor,
which were prepared based on actuals and differentials calculated by an independent consultant):
 
   Unit    2018E   2019E   2020E   2021E   2022E  
Benchmarks and Differentials         
Brent Crude Oil    $/bbl    67.98   68.00   68.00   68.00   69.56 
Henry Hub Natural Gas    $/mmbtu    2.85   2.95   3.05   3.20   3.40 
Differentials:         

Brent - WTI    $/bbl    3.31   3.61   3.83   3.92   4.01 
Louisiana Light Sweet (LLS) - WTI    $/bbl    2.76   3.34   3.55   3.64   3.72 
Western Canadian Select (WCS) - WTI    $/bbl    (18.73)*   (22.05)   (20.57)   (14.47)   (13.41) 
WTI - Bakken    $/bbl    (2.93)*   1.59   1.24   1.43   1.76 
ANS - Bakken    $/bbl    (2.62)*   3.91   (0.79)   1.50   2.86 
USGC Ultra-Low Sulfur Diesel - 3% Residual Fuel Oil (a)    $/bbl    24.17   34.03   42.03   38.51   36.70 

Crack Spreads         
Chicago LLS 6-3-2-1 crack spread (a)(b)    $/bbl    6.04   6.56   6.65   6.54   6.36 
USGC LLS 6-3-2-1 crack spread (a)(c)    $/bbl    4.88   5.07   5.16   5.05   4.87 
West Coast ANS 6-3-2-1 Crack Spread (a)(d)    $/bbl    11.05   11.53   13.77   13.15   12.53 
 
* ($19.36), $0.40, and $3.18, respectively, for Andeavor-prepared forecasts
(a) The Ultra-Low Sulfur Diesel price and crack spreads are reflected net of the associated Renewable Volume Obligation (RVO) cost, which is

assumed to be approximately 7.5 cents per gallon in 2018E and 6.5 cents per gallon in 2019E to 2022E.
(b) Chicago LLS 6-3-2-1 crack spread = ((Chicago 87 Octane Gasoline x 3 + Chicago Ultra-Low Sulfur Distillate x 2+ USGC 3% Residual Fuel

Oil)/6) - LLS Crude Oil.
(c) USGC LLS 6-3-2-1 crack spread = ((U.S. Gulf Coast (USGC) 84 Octane Conventional Blendstock for Oxygenate Blending (CBOB) Gasoline x 3

+ USGC Ultra-Low Sulfur Distillate x 2+ USGC 3% Residual Fuel Oil)/6) - LLS Crude Oil.
(d) West Coast ANS 6-3-2-1 Crack Spread = ((LA California Reformulated Gasoline Blendstock for Oxygenate Blending (CARBOB) x 3+ LA

California Air Resources Board (CARB) Diesel x 2 + Singapore High Sulfur Fuel Oil x 1)/6) - ANS Crude Oil.

In addition, the Unaudited Forecasted Financial Information of MPC, the Unaudited Forecasted Financial Information of Andeavor and the
Adjusted and Modified Unaudited Forecasted Financial information of Andeavor were prepared based on the following principal assumptions:
 

 
•  MPC’s refining throughput was assumed to range between approximately 1,900 to 1,980 thousand barrels per day (mbpd) from 2018E to

2022E, reflective of expected turnaround and maintenance activity;
 

 
•  Andeavor’s refining throughput was assumed to be approximately 1,100 mbpd from 2018E to 2022E, reflective of expected turnaround and

maintenance activity;
 

 
•  MPC’s Speedway segment light product sales volumes were assumed to grow from approximately 6.0 billion gallons in 2018E to

approximately 7.4 billion gallons in 2022E;
 

 •  Andeavor’s Marketing segment fuel sales volumes were assumed to be approximately 11 billion gallons per year between 2018E and 2022E;
 

-136-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 150/241

Table of Contents

 
•  MPC’s pipeline throughput volumes were assumed to range between approximately 3,600 and 3,700 mbpd. MPC’s gathering system

throughput volumes were assumed to range between approximately 4,800 and 6,500 mbpd. MPC’s natural gas processed volumes were
assumed to range between approximately 7,300 and 9,900 mbpd; and

 

 
•  Andeavor’s crude oil and water gathering volumes were assumed to range between approximately 190 and 220 mbpd between 2018E and

2022E. Andeavor’s gas gathering and processing throughput volumes were assumed to range between approximately 930 and 1,000 mbpd
between 2018E and 2022E.

Neither MPC nor Andeavor, as a matter of course, makes public long-term projections as to future revenues, earnings or other results due to,
among other reasons, the uncertainty of the underlying assumptions and estimates. However, the unaudited forecasted financial information was made
available to the MPC board, the Andeavor board, Barclays and/or Goldman Sachs, as further described below, in connection with the evaluation of the
merger. The inclusion of the unaudited forecasted financial information set forth below should not be regarded as an indication that any of MPC,
Andeavor, Barclays, Goldman Sachs or any other recipient of this information considered, or now considers, it to be necessarily predictive of actual
future results. Readers of this document are cautioned not to place undue reliance on the unaudited forecasted financial information.

The unaudited forecasted financial information was, in general, prepared solely for internal use and is subjective in many respects. As a result,
there can be no assurance that the forecasted results will be realized or that actual results will not be significantly higher or lower than estimated. Since
the unaudited forecasted financial information covers multiple years, such information by its nature becomes less predictive with each successive year.
The estimates and assumptions underlying the unaudited forecasted financial information involve judgments with respect to, among other things, future
economic, competitive, regulatory and financial market conditions which may not materialize and that are inherently subject to significant uncertainties
and contingencies, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond the control of MPC and/or Andeavor and will be beyond the
control of the combined company. MPC stockholders and Andeavor stockholders are urged to review the SEC filings of MPC for a description of risk
factors with respect to the business of MPC and the SEC filings of Andeavor for a description of risk factors with respect to the business of Andeavor.
See the sections entitled “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” and “Where You Can Find More Information” beginning on
pages 47 and 236, respectively. MPC stockholders and Andeavor stockholders are also urged to review the section entitled “Risk Factors” beginning on
page 49. The unaudited forecasted financial information was not prepared with a view toward public disclosure, nor was it prepared with a view toward
compliance with published guidelines of the SEC or the guidelines established by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants for preparation
and presentation of prospective financial information but, in the view of each of MPC’s and Andeavor’s management, as applicable, was prepared on a
reasonable basis, reflects the best available estimates and judgments as of the date of preparation, and presents, to the best of management’s knowledge
and belief, the expected course of action and the expected future financial performance of MPC and Andeavor, as applicable. However, this information
is not fact and should not be relied upon as being necessarily indicative of future results, and readers of this joint proxy statement/prospectus are
cautioned not to place undue reliance on the unaudited forecasted financial information. The unaudited forecasted financial information included in this
document has been prepared by, and is the responsibility of MPC’s and Andeavor’s management. None of the independent accountants of MPC,
Andeavor, Western Refining nor any other independent accountants, have audited, reviewed, examined, compiled or applied agreed-upon procedures
with respect to the accompanying unaudited forecasted financial information and, accordingly, the independent accountants do not express an opinion or
any other form of assurance with respect thereto.

The PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP report incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus relates to MPC’s previously issued
financial statements. The Ernst & Young LLP report incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus relates to Andeavor’s previously
issued financial statements. The Deloitte & Touche LLP report incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus relates to Western
Refining’s previously issued financial statements. None of the foregoing reports extend to the unaudited forecasted financial information and should not
be read to do so.
 

-137-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 151/241

Table of Contents

NEITHER MPC NOR ANDEAVOR HAVE UPDATED OR INTEND TO UPDATE OR OTHERWISE REVISE THE UNAUDITED
FORECASTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION TO REFLECT CIRCUMSTANCES EXISTING AFTER THE DATE WHEN MADE OR TO
REFLECT THE OCCURRENCE OF FUTURE EVENTS, EVEN IN THE EVENT THAT ANY OR ALL OF THE ASSUMPTIONS UNDERLYING
SUCH PROSPECTIVE FINANCIAL INFORMATION ARE NO LONGER APPROPRIATE.

Unaudited Forecasted Financial Information of MPC

The following table presents select unaudited forecasted financial information of MPC on a standalone basis for the fiscal years ending 2018
through 2022 prepared by MPC’s management and provided to Barclays, Andeavor and Goldman Sachs on April 3, 2018 (other than the “earnings per
share” line item for 2018, which was provided to Andeavor and Goldman Sachs on April 20, 2018), which is referred to as the original MPC unaudited
forecasted financial information:
 
   December 31,  
(in millions, except per share data) (a)   2018E   2019E   2020E   2021E   2022E  
Income Statement Items       

Earnings before interest, income taxes, and depreciation and amortization
expenses (“EBITDA”) (b)   $ 5,685  $ 8,020  $ 9,170  $ 9,139  $ 8,126 

Depreciation and amortization expense   $(2,153)  $(2,285)  $(2,450)  $(2,549)  $(2,666) 
Net Income attributable to MPC   $ 1,484  $ 2,988  $ 3,652  $ 3,496  $ 2,567 
Earnings per share   $ 3.20  $ 6.76  $ 8.27  $ 7.91  $ 5.81 

Cash Flow Items       
Cash flow from operations   $ 4,720  $ 7,099  $ 7,715  $ 7,580  $ 6,813 
Cash flow from operations per share   $ —    $ 16.07  $ 17.46  $ 17.16  $ 15.42 

 
(a) Certain totals in the tables included in this joint proxy statement/prospectus may not sum due to rounding.
(b) EBITDA, which is defined as net earnings plus depreciation and amortization expense, interest and financing costs and income tax expense, is a

non-GAAP financial measure as it excludes amounts included in net earnings, the most directly comparable measure calculated in accordance with
GAAP. This measure should not be considered as an alternative to net earnings or other measures derived in accordance with GAAP.

 
-138-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 152/241

Table of Contents

The following table presents select unaudited forecasted financial information of MPC on a standalone basis for the fiscal years ending 2018
through 2022 prepared by MPC’s management and provided to the MPC board and Barclays, which is referred to as the revised MPC unaudited
forecasted financial information and together with the original MPC unaudited forecasted financial information, the MPC unaudited forecasted financial
information. The revised MPC unaudited forecasted financial information was adjusted from the original MPC unaudited forecasted financial
information to account for MPC’s updated share count, debt balances, and Speedway’s acquisition of 78 Express Mart stores, which was announced on
April 16, 2018, as well as changes to certain working capital assumptions for purposes of comparability with the Andeavor unaudited forecasted
financial information.
 
   December 31,  
(in millions, except per share data) (a)   2018E   2019E   2020E   2021E   2022E  
Income Statement Items       

EBITDA   $ 5,696  $ 8,050  $ 9,201  $ 9,172  $ 8,161 
Depreciation and amortization expense   $(2,156)  $(2,294)  $(2,458)  $(2,558)  $(2,675) 
Net Income attributable to MPC   $ 1,454  $ 3,026  $ 3,710  $ 3,581  $ 2,679 
Earnings per share   $ 3.13  $ 6.79  $ 8.32  $ 8.03  $ 6.01 

Cash Flow Items       
Cash flow from operations   $ 4,689  $ 7,337  $ 7,947  $ 7,735  $ 6,942 
Cash flow from operations per share   $ 10.08  $ 16.45  $ 17.82  $ 17.35  $ 15.57 
MPC Cash flow from operations (b)   $ 3,888  $ 6,477  $ 7,023  $ 6,748  $ 5,891 
MPC Cash flow from operations per share (b)   $ 8.36  $ 14.53  $ 15.75  $ 15.13  $ 13.21 

 
(a) Certain totals in the tables included in this joint proxy statement/prospectus may not sum due to rounding.
(b) MPC cash flow from operations and MPC cash flow from operations per share excludes expected MPLX distributions to public holders of MPLX

common units.

The estimates and assumptions underlying the MPC unaudited forecasted financial information are inherently uncertain and, though considered
reasonable by the management of MPC as of the date of the preparation of such unaudited forecasted financial information, are subject to a wide variety
of significant business, economic, regulatory and competitive risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those
contained in the unaudited forecasted financial information, including, among other things, the matters described in the sections entitled “Cautionary
Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” and “Risk Factors” beginning on pages 47 and 49, respectively. Accordingly, there can be no
assurance that the forecasted results are indicative of the future performance of MPC, or that actual results will not differ materially from those
presented in the MPC unaudited forecasted financial information. Inclusion of the MPC unaudited forecasted financial information in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus should not be regarded as a representation by any person that the results contained in the MPC unaudited forecasted financial
information will be achieved.

The MPC unaudited forecasted financial information is not included in this joint proxy statement/prospectus in order to induce any stockholder to
vote in favor of any of the proposals at the MPC special meeting or the Andeavor special meeting or to acquire securities of MPC.
 

-139-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 153/241

Table of Contents

Unaudited Forecasted Financial Information of Andeavor

The following table presents select unaudited forecasted financial information of Andeavor and Andeavor Logistics, each on a standalone basis for
the fiscal years ending 2018 through 2022 prepared by Andeavor management and provided to the Andeavor board and Goldman Sachs and to MPC and
Barclays (other than, with respect to MPC and Barclays, the line item “Andeavor unlevered free cash flow”) which is referred to as the Andeavor
unaudited forecasted financial information:

Andeavor
 
   December 31,  
(in millions, except per share data) (a)   2018E   2019E   2020E   2021E   2022E  
Income Statement Items       
EBITDA   $ 4,009  $ 5,217  $ 6,951  $ 7,153  $ 7,068 
Depreciation and amortization expense   $(1,216)  $(1,231)  $(1,231)  $(1,231)  $(1,231) 
Net Income attributable to Andeavor   $ 1,594  $ 2,413  $ 3,636  $ 3,721  $ 3,603 
Earnings per share   $ 10.62  $ 17.64  $ 30.83  $ 40.29  $ 52.48 
Cash Flow Items       
Cash flow from operations   $ 2,803  $ 3,712  $ 5,207  $ 5,326  $ 4,992 
Cash flow from operations per share   $ 18.66  $ 27.14  $ 44.15  $ 57.67  $ 72.72 
Andeavor unlevered free cash flow (b)   $ 753  $ 2,350  $ 3,704  $ 3,778  $ 3,501 
 
(a) Certain totals in the tables included in this joint proxy statement/prospectus may not sum due to rounding.
(b) Andeavor unlevered free cash flow excludes free cash flow from Andeavor Logistics and includes net distributions received from Andeavor

Logistics. Unlevered free cash flow is defined as estimated EBITDA, plus distributions received from Andeavor Logistics, minus taxes, minus
estimated capital expenditures, minus estimated expenditures for turnarounds and branding, plus/minus divestitures/acquisitions, respectively, and
minus the estimated increase in net working capital.

 
   December 31,  
(in millions)   2018E    2019E    2020E    2021E    2022E  
Balance Sheet Items           

Debt   $8,469   $8,920   $9,370   $10,000   $10,782 
Cash   $ 507   $ 508   $ 508   $ 503   $ 500 

Net Debt   $7,962   $8,412   $8,862   $ 9,497   $10,282 

Andeavor Logistics
 
   December 31,  
(in millions)   2018E    2019E    2020E    2021E    2022E  
Balance Sheet Items           

Debt   $4,852   $5,503   $6,152   $6,790   $7,579 
Cash   $ 75   $ 75   $ 75   $ 75   $ 75 

Net Debt   $4,777   $5,428   $6,077   $6,715   $7,504 
Preferred Equity   $1,200   $1,200   $1,200   $1,200   $1,200 

The estimates and assumptions underlying the Andeavor unaudited forecasted financial information are inherently uncertain and, though
considered reasonable by the management of Andeavor as of the date of the preparation of such unaudited forecasted financial information, are subject
to a wide variety of significant business, economic, regulatory and competitive risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially
from those contained in the unaudited forecasted financial information, including, among other things, the matters described in the sections entitled
“Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements”
 

-140-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 154/241

Table of Contents

and “Risk Factors” beginning on pages 47 and 49, respectively. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the forecasted results are indicative of the
future performance of Andeavor, or that actual results will not differ materially from those presented in the Andeavor unaudited forecasted financial
information. Inclusion of the Andeavor unaudited forecasted financial information in this joint proxy statement/prospectus should not be regarded as a
representation by any person that the results contained in the Andeavor unaudited forecasted financial information will be achieved.

The Andeavor unaudited forecasted financial information is not included in this joint proxy statement/prospectus in order to induce any
stockholder to vote in favor of any of the proposals at the MPC special meeting or the Andeavor special meeting.

MPC Adjusted Unaudited Forecasted Financial Information

The following table presents select unaudited forecasted financial information of MPC on a standalone basis for the fiscal years ending 2018
through 2022 prepared by Andeavor’s management and provided to the Andeavor board and Goldman Sachs, which is referred to as the MPC adjusted
unaudited forecasted financial information. Such MPC adjusted unaudited forecasted financial information was prepared by Andeavor management
from the MPC unaudited forecasted financial information provided by MPC to Andeavor.
 
   December 31,  
(in millions, except per share data) (a)   2018E   2019E   2020E   2021E   2022E  
Income Statement Items (b)       

EBITDA   $ 6,551  $ 8,656  $ 9,945  $ 9,728  $ 8,983 
Depreciation and amortization expense   $(2,936)  $(3,033)  $(3,252)  $(3,297)  $(3,411) 
Net Income attributable to MPC   $ 1,547  $ 2,903  $ 3,631  $ 3,375  $ 2,653 
Earnings per share   $ 3.32  $ 6.45  $ 8.07  $ 7.50  $ 5.90 

Cash Flow Items       
Cash flow from operations   $ 4,720  $ 7,099  $ 7,715  $ 7,580  $ 6,813 
Cash flow from operations per share   $ 10.14  $ 15.78  $ 17.15  $ 16.85  $ 15.15 
MPC unlevered free cash flow (c)   $ 1,758  $ 3,840  $ 4,386  $ 4,086  $ 3,210 

 
(a) Certain totals in the tables included in this joint proxy statement/prospectus may not sum due to rounding.
(b) Financial information for MPC was adjusted, as turnaround maintenance expenses, which are referred to as TAR, were assumed to be capitalized

and amortized rather than immediately expensed in order to make the Andeavor and MPC forecasted financial information comparable.
(c) MPC unlevered free cash flow excludes free cash flow from MPLX and includes distributions received from MPLX. Unlevered free cash flow is

defined as estimated EBITDA, plus distributions received from MPLX, minus taxes, minus estimated capital expenditures, minus estimated
expenditures for turnarounds, plus/minus divestitures/acquisitions, respectively, plus/minus other investing activities, and minus the estimated
increase in net working capital.

MPLX
 
   December 31,  
(in millions)   2018E    2019E    2020E    2021E    2022E  
Balance Sheet Items           

Debt   $13,252   $13,959   $14,532   $15,103   $15,707 
Cash   $ 5   $ 5   $ 5   $ 5   $ 5 

Net Debt   $13,247   $13,954   $14,527   $15,098   $15,702 
Preferred Equity   $ 1,000   $ –     $ –     $ –     $ –   

The estimates and assumptions underlying the MPC adjusted unaudited forecasted financial information are inherently uncertain and, though
considered reasonable by the management of Andeavor as of the date of the
 

-141-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 155/241

Table of Contents

preparation of such unaudited forecasted financial information, are subject to a wide variety of significant business, economic, regulatory and
competitive risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the unaudited forecasted financial
information, including, among other things, the matters described in the sections entitled “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements” and “Risk Factors” beginning on pages 47 and 49, respectively. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the forecasted results are
indicative of the future performance of MPC, or that actual results will not differ materially from those presented in the MPC adjusted unaudited
forecasted financial information. Inclusion of the MPC adjusted unaudited forecasted financial information in this joint proxy statement/prospectus
should not be regarded as a representation by any person that the results contained in the MPC adjusted unaudited forecasted financial information will
be achieved.

The MPC adjusted unaudited forecasted financial information is not included in this joint proxy statement/prospectus in order to induce any
stockholder to vote in favor of any of the proposals at the MPC special meeting or the Andeavor special meeting or to acquire securities of MPC.

Andeavor Adjusted and Modified Unaudited Forecasted Financial Information

The following table presents select unaudited forecasted financial information of Andeavor on a standalone basis for the fiscal years ending 2018
through 2022 prepared by MPC management and provided to the MPC board and to Barclays, which is referred to as the Andeavor adjusted unaudited
forecasted financial information. Such Andeavor adjusted unaudited forecasted financial information was prepared by MPC management from the
Andeavor unaudited forecasted financial information provided by Andeavor to MPC. MPC adjusted the Andeavor unaudited forecasted financial
information (1) to conform the accounting for TAR to MPC’s accounting policy to expense these costs as they are incurred rather than capitalize and
amortize these costs and (2) to exclude share repurchases in fiscal years 2019 – 2022, in each case, in order to make the MPC and Andeavor forecasted
financial information comparable.
 
   December 31,  
(in millions, except per share data) (a)(b)   2018E   2019E   2020E   2021E   2022E  
Income Statement Items       

EBITDA   $4,009  $5,217  $6,951  $7,153  $7,068 
EBITDA adjusted for TAR treatment   $3,433  $4,660  $6,603  $7,020  $6,640 
Depreciation and amortization expense adjusted for TAR treatment   $ (851)  $ (845)  $ (843)  $ (839)  $ (835) 
Net Income attributable to Andeavor adjusted for TAR treatment   $1,439  $2,286  $3,679  $3,948  $3,639 
Earnings per share adjusted for TAR treatment   $ 9.58  $15.73  $25.32  $27.17  $25.05 

Cash Flow Items       
Cash flow from operations   $2,803  $3,712  $5,220  $5,363  $5,055 
Cash flow from operations per share   $18.66  $25.55  $35.93  $36.91  $34.79 
Andeavor Cash flow from operations (c)   $2,386  $3,242  $4,727  $4,835  $4,476 
Andeavor Cash flow from operations per share (c)   $15.88  $22.31  $32.53  $33.28  $30.81 

 
(a) Certain totals in the tables included in this joint proxy statement/prospectus may not sum due to rounding.
(b) Financial information for Andeavor was adjusted, as TAR was assumed to be immediately expensed rather than capitalized and amortized in order

to make the MPC and Andeavor forecasted financial information comparable.
(c) Andeavor cash flow from operations and Andeavor cash flow per share excludes expected Andeavor Logistics distributions to public holders of

Andeavor Logistics common units.

The following table presents select unaudited forecasted financial information of Andeavor on a standalone basis for the fiscal years ending 2018
through 2022 prepared by MPC management and provided to the MPC
 

-142-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 156/241

Table of Contents

board and to Barclays, which is referred to as the Andeavor modified unaudited forecasted financial information. Such Andeavor modified unaudited
forecasted financial information was prepared by MPC management from the Andeavor adjusted unaudited forecasted financial information provided by
Andeavor to MPC, which MPC modified to reflect certain commodity price, operating and other adjustments.

In particular, MPC used a different independent consultant to generate West Coast crude oil and refined products pricing for Andeavor that would
be aligned with MPC’s long-term price forecast, resulting in estimated West Coast ANS 6-3-2-1 crack spreads, net of the associated RVO cost, of
$11.66, $10.73, $13.36, $13.38 and $11.92 per barrel for 2018E, 2019E, 2020E, 2021E and 2022E, respectively; and ANS-Bakken crude differentials of
($2.62), $2.71, $0.17, $0.93 and $2.73 per barrel for 2018E, 2019E, 2020E, 2021E and 2022E, respectively.
 
   December 31,  
(in millions, except per share data) (a)(b)   2018E   2019E   2020E   2021E   2022E  
Income Statement Items       

EBITDA   $3,599  $4,492  $6,391  $6,550  $6,287 
EBITDA adjusted for TAR treatment   $3,023  $3,935  $6,043  $6,417  $5,859 
Depreciation and amortization expense adjusted for TAR treatment   $ (851)  $ (845)  $ (843)  $ (839)  $ (835) 
Net Income attributable to Andeavor adjusted for TAR treatment   $1,128  $1,737  $3,251  $3,485  $3,036 
Earnings per share adjusted for TAR treatment   $ 7.51  $11.96  $22.38  $23.99  $20.89 

Cash Flow Items       
Cash flow from operations   $2,464  $3,112  $4,757  $4,875  $4,416 
Cash flow from operations per share   $16.40  $21.41  $32.74  $33.55  $30.39 
Andeavor Cash flow from operations(c)   $2,054  $2,647  $4,273  $4,347  $3,841 
Andeavor Cash flow from operations per share(c)   $13.68  $18.22  $29.41  $29.92  $26.43 

 
(a) Certain totals in the tables included in this joint proxy statement/prospectus may not sum due to rounding.
(b) Further adjusted to exclude share repurchases in fiscal years 2019 – 2022.
(c) Andeavor cash flow from operations and Andeavor cash flow from operations per share exclude expected Andeavor Logistics distributions to

public holders of Andeavor Logistics common units.

The estimates and assumptions underlying the Andeavor modified unaudited forecasted financial information are inherently uncertain and, though
considered reasonable by the management of Andeavor as of the date of the preparation of such forecasted financial information, are subject to a wide
variety of significant business, economic, regulatory and competitive risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from
those contained in the unaudited forecasted financial information, including, among other things, the matters described in the sections entitled
“Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” and “Risk Factors” beginning on pages 47 and 49, respectively. Accordingly, there can
be no assurance that the Andeavor modified unaudited forecasted results are indicative of the future performance of Andeavor, or that actual results will
not differ materially from those presented in the Andeavor modified unaudited forecasted financial information. Inclusion of the Andeavor modified
unaudited forecasted financial information in this joint proxy statement/prospectus should not be regarded as a representation by any person that the
results contained in the forecasted financial information will be achieved.

The Andeavor modified unaudited forecasted financial information is not included in this joint proxy statement/prospectus in order to induce any
stockholder to vote in favor of any of the proposals at the MPC special meeting or the Andeavor special meeting or to acquire securities of MPC.
 

-143-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 157/241

Table of Contents

Forecasted Synergy Information of the combined company

MPC and Andeavor jointly prepared and used forecasted synergy information by year and specific focus area in connection with various investor
relations materials. The forecasted synergy information is summarized below.
 
Impact Area       Year 1    Year 2    Year 3    

Run-
Rate  

Cost Elimination     $ 190   $ 240   $ 250   $  255 
Procurement     $ 150   $ 150   $ 150   $  150 
Owned/Operated Retail     $  70   $ 150   $ 210   $  210 
Integrated System Optimization     $  40   $  90   $ 135   $  165 
Refining Operations     $  30   $  80   $ 205   $  220 

      
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

Total     $ 480   $ 710   $ 950   $1,000 

The estimates and assumptions underlying the forecasted synergy information are inherently uncertain and, though considered reasonable by the
management of MPC and Andeavor as of the date of the preparation of such forecasted synergy information, are subject to a wide variety of significant
business, economic, regulatory and competitive risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the
forecasted synergy information, including, among other things, the matters described in the sections entitled “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-
Looking Statements” and “Risk Factors” beginning on pages 47 and 49, respectively. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the forecasted synergy
information results are indicative of the future performance of the combined company, or that actual results will not differ materially from those
presented in the forecasted synergy information. Inclusion of the forecasted synergy in this joint proxy statement/prospectus should not be regarded as a
representation by any person that the results contained in the forecasted financial information will be achieved.

The forecasted synergy information is not included in this joint proxy statement/prospectus in order to induce any stockholder to vote in favor of
any of the proposals at the MPC special meeting or the Andeavor special meeting or to acquire securities of MPC.

Funding of the Merger and Indebtedness Following the Merger

MPC intends to fund the cash portion of the merger consideration and pay related fees and expenses in connection with the merger using a
combination of cash on hand and borrowings under MPC’s existing credit facilities, trade accounts receivable facility or commercial paper program.

For a discussion of the combined company’s indebtedness on a pro forma basis giving effect to the business combination financing, see the section
entitled “Selected Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Consolidated Combined Financial Data” beginning on page 40.

Regulatory Approvals

U.S. Antitrust

The completion of the merger is subject to the receipt of antitrust clearance in the United States. Under the HSR Act, and the rules promulgated
thereunder, the merger may not be completed until notification and report forms have been filed with the FTC and the DOJ, and the applicable waiting
period (or any extension thereof) has expired or been terminated.

On June 1, 2018, notification and report forms under the HSR Act were filed with the FTC and the DOJ with respect to the proposed merger. The
waiting period with respect to the notification and report forms filed under the HSR Act expired on July 2, 2018. See the section entitled “The Merger
Agreement—Reasonable Best Efforts; Regulatory Filings and Other Actions—Reasonable Best Efforts” beginning on page 175.
 

-144-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 158/241

Table of Contents

Other Regulatory Approvals

The obligation of each of MPC and Andeavor to effect the merger is also subject to obtaining regulatory approval in Canada. On June 1, 2018,
MPC and Andeavor submitted notifications and an application for Competition Bureau of Canada clearance of the merger and the parties received the
necessary regulatory clearance in Canada on June 16, 2018.

Litigation Relating to the Merger

Between June 20 and July 11, 2018, six putative class actions were filed against some or all of Andeavor, the directors of Andeavor, and the MPC
Defendants, relating to the merger. Two complaints, Malka Raul v. Andeavor, et al., and Stephen Bushansky v. Andeavor, et al., were filed in the U.S.
District Court for the Western District of Texas. Four other complaints, captioned The Vladimir Gusinsky Rev. Trust v. Andeavor, et al., Lawrence
Zucker v. Andeavor, et al., Mel Gross v. Andeavor, et al., and Hudson v. Andeavor, et al., were filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of
Delaware. The complaints generally allege that Andeavor, the directors of Andeavor and the MPC Defendants disseminated a false or misleading
registration statement regarding the proposed merger in violation of Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act and Rule 14a-9 promulgated thereunder.
Specifically, the complaints allege that the registration statement filed by MPC misstated or omitted material information regarding the parties’ financial
projections and the analyses performed by Andeavor’s and MPC’s respective financial advisors, and that disclosure of material information is necessary
in light of preclusive deal protection provisions in the merger agreement, the financial interests of Andeavor’s officers and directors in completing the
deal, and the financial interests of Andeavor’s and MPC’s respective financial advisors. The complaints further allege that the directors of Andeavor
and/or the MPC Defendants are liable for these violations as “controlling persons” of Andeavor under Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act. The
complaints seek injunctive relief, including to enjoin and/or rescind the merger, damages in the event the merger is consummated, and an award of
attorneys’ fees, in addition to other relief.

Additional lawsuits arising out of the merger may be filed in the future. There can be no assurance that any of the defendants will be successful in
the outcome of the pending or any potential future lawsuits. A preliminary injunction could delay or jeopardize the completion of the merger, and an
adverse judgment granting permanent injunctive relief could indefinitely enjoin the completion of the merger. Andeavor and Marathon believe that the
lawsuits are without merit and intend to defend vigorously against them and any other lawsuits challenging the transaction.

Appraisal Rights

Under the DGCL, subject to the closing of the merger, record holders of Andeavor common stock who do not vote in favor of the Andeavor
merger proposal and who otherwise properly exercise and perfect their appraisal rights in accordance with Section 262 of the DGCL will be entitled to
seek appraisal for, and obtain payment in cash for the judicially determined fair value of, their shares of Andeavor common stock, in lieu of receiving
the merger consideration. The “fair value” could be higher or lower than, or the same as, the merger consideration. Andeavor stockholders who wish to
exercise the right to seek an appraisal of their shares must so advise Andeavor by submitting a written demand for appraisal in the form described in this
joint proxy statement/prospectus prior to the vote on the approval of the Andeavor merger proposal at the Andeavor special meeting and must otherwise
follow the procedures prescribed by Section 262 of the DGCL. A person having a beneficial interest in shares of Andeavor common stock held of record
in the name of another person, such as your bank, broker or other nominee, must act promptly to cause the record holder to follow the steps summarized
in this joint proxy statement/prospectus in a timely manner to perfect appraisal rights.

The full text of Section 262 of the DGCL is attached as Annex E to this joint proxy statement/prospectus. Andeavor stockholders are encouraged
to read these provisions carefully and in their entirety. Moreover, due to the complexity of the procedures for exercising and perfecting the right to seek
appraisal, Andeavor stockholders
 

-145-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 159/241

Table of Contents

who are considering exercising and perfecting that right are encouraged to seek the advice of legal counsel. Failure to strictly comply with these
provisions may result in a waiver of, or the inability to exercise, appraisal rights. For more information regarding appraisal rights, see the section entitled
“Appraisal Rights of Andeavor Stockholders” beginning on page 222.

Directors of MPC Following the Merger

If the MPC board size COI amendment proposal is approved by MPC stockholders, following the merger, the MPC board will be comprised of up
to 14 directors. Pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement, MPC will use its reasonable best efforts promptly after the effective time to cause the
MPC board to be comprised of:
 

 
•  ten directors selected by MPC, who initially will be Gary R. Heminger, Abdulaziz F. Alkhayyal, Evan Bayh, Charles E. Bunch, Steven A.

Davis, Donna A. James, James E. Rohr, Frank M. Semple, J. Michael Stice and John P. Surma; and
 

 
•  four current members of the Andeavor board who will be identified by Andeavor between April 29, 2018 and prior to the closing date of the

merger.

Should the MPC board size COI amendment proposal not be approved, two directors of MPC’s current board will resign in order to appoint the
four Andeavor appointees.

Interests of Andeavor Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger

Directors and executive officers of Andeavor may have interests in the merger that are different from, or in addition to, the interests of Andeavor
stockholders generally. These interests include, but are not limited to:
 

 

•  the treatment in the merger of Andeavor options, Andeavor RSUs, Andeavor PSAs, Andeavor MSUs, Andeavor restricted shares and other
awards held by Andeavor executive officers and directors as described in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Treatment of
Andeavor Equity Awards in the Merger” beginning on page 156, including the vesting of awards upon a qualifying termination of
employment during a two-year period following the closing of the merger;

 

 •  the payment of 2018 annual cash performance bonuses; and
 

 
•  enhanced severance upon a qualifying termination of employment during a two-year period following the closing of the merger under the

Andeavor Executive Severance and Change in Control Plan (the “Executive CIC Plan”) or, for Mr. Goff, under his letter agreement.

These interests are described in more detail below, and certain of them are quantified in the narrative and tabular disclosure included in the section
entitled “The Merger—Advisory Vote on Merger-Related Compensation for Andeavor’s Named Executive Officers” beginning on page 150.

The Andeavor Board was aware of and considered these interests, among other matters, in evaluating and negotiating the merger agreement and
approving the merger and in determining to recommend to Andeavor stockholders that they adopt the merger agreement. Andeavor stockholders should
take these interests into account in deciding whether to adopt the merger agreement.

Potential Acceleration of Andeavor Awards

Acceleration of Andeavor Director RSUs and Phantom Stock Upon Closing

Pursuant to the pre-existing terms of the Andeavor director RSU and phantom stock award agreements to Andeavor non-employee directors, such
awards will vest in full on a change in control, including the closing of the merger. As described below in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—
Treatment of Andeavor Equity
 

-146-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 160/241

Table of Contents

Awards in the Merger” beginning on page 156, all Andeavor director RSUs and phantom stock will be cancelled and settled for the cash consideration of
$152.27 per share of Andeavor common stock. Andeavor’s current non-employee directors as a group held Andeavor director RSUs and phantom stock
that, pursuant to their terms, would accelerate upon the closing of the merger and be exchanged for the cash consideration with an estimated intrinsic
value of $8,685,977, based on the Andeavor director RSUs and phantom stock outstanding as of May 18, 2018. This includes deferred awards that have
already vested and would have otherwise been received upon a termination of employment.

Potential Double-Trigger Acceleration of Assumed Andeavor Awards

As described above in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Treatment of Andeavor Equity Awards in the Merger” beginning on page 156,
all outstanding Andeavor equity-based awards, other than Andeavor director RSUs and phantom stock, will be assumed and converted into equity-based
awards denominated in shares of MPC common stock. Andeavor PSAs and MSUs will be converted into time-based restricted stock unit awards
denominated in shares of MPC common stock based on the greater of target or actual performance, multiplied by the exchange ratio. In addition, any
Andeavor Logistics equity-based awards will remain outstanding, and Andeavor Logistics performance phantom units will be converted into time-based
phantom unit awards based on the greater of target or actual performance. Pursuant to their pre-existing terms, each of these awards will vest upon a
qualifying termination (as defined below) of employment within two years following the closing of the merger. See “The Merger—Advisory Vote on
Merger-Related Compensation for Andeavor’s Named Executive Officers” beginning on page 150, for the estimated amounts that the named executive
officers of Andeavor would receive as a result of the accelerated vesting of equity awards upon a qualifying termination as of May 18, 2018 assuming a
price per share of Andeavor common stock of $152.27, conversion at target performance for PSAs and performance based on a stock price equal to
$152.27 for MSUs. Andeavor’s current executive officers as a group would receive approximately $99,444,167 due to the accelerated vesting of
Andeavor and Andeavor Logistics equity awards upon a qualifying termination as of May 18, 2018. Andeavor’s current directors as a group would
receive approximately $207,207 due to the double-trigger accelerated vesting of Andeavor Logistics performance phantom units assuming a price per
unit of Andeavor Logistics common units of $42.38 and conversion at target performance.

Under the Andeavor stock plans:
 

 
•  a “qualifying termination” generally includes: (i) an involuntary termination by Andeavor without cause (as defined below) or (ii) a

voluntary termination by the participant for good reason (as defined below), except in the case of Mr. Goff, as described in “The Merger—
Letter Agreement with Mr. Goff” below;

 

 

•  “cause” is defined under the applicable plan or award agreement (which terms may vary), but generally includes: (i) the commission of
fraud, embezzlement or other act of willful misconduct, (ii) refusal (without proper reason) to perform duties, (iii) disclosure of trade secrets
or other confidential information, (iv) willful engagement in acts that are materially injurious to the company, or (v) conviction of (or plea of
guilty or no contest to) a crime involving fraud, dishonesty, or moral turpitude; and

 

 

•  “good reason” is defined under the applicable plan or award agreement (which terms may vary), but generally includes: (i) a material
diminution in the participant’s base salary, authority, duties, or responsibilities (or the duties and responsibilities of the supervisor they are
required to report to), (ii) a failure to continue benefits or incentive plans, (iii) a material change in geographic location, or (iv) failure by the
company to comply with a material provision of the agreement under which the participant provides services.

Andeavor’s current executive officers as a group also hold 151,513 vested options as of May 18, 2018 that may be exercised prior to or upon the
closing of the merger and otherwise will be converted into an option to
 

-147-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 161/241

Table of Contents

acquire MPC common stock as described below in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Treatment of Andeavor Equity Awards in the Merger”
beginning on page 156. Neither the vesting nor payment of such options will be accelerated in the merger. None of Andeavor’s current non-employee
directors hold options as of May 18, 2018.

Executive Severance and Change in Control Plan

The Executive CIC Plan provides enhanced severance benefits to participants (including Andeavor’s current executive officers) in the event that
they experience a qualifying termination (as described below) during the two-year period following a change in control (such as the merger), subject to
the participant’s execution of a release. Upon such a qualifying termination under the Executive CIC Plan, executive officers would be entitled to the
following separation payments and benefits: (i) a cash lump sum payment equal to the product of (A) the participant’s applicable separation pay multiple
(equal to 3 for the CEO (Mr. Goff), 2.5 for Executive Vice Presidents, 2 for Senior Vice Presidents, and 1 or 1.5 for Vice Presidents) multiplied by
(B) the sum of (x) the participant’s annual base salary and (y) the participant’s target annual cash bonus and (ii) continued medical benefits (excluding
dental and vision) for the participant and his or her family for a number of years equal to the applicable separation pay multiple, or 30 months for the
CEO.

Under the Executive CIC Plan:
 

 
•  a “qualifying termination” includes (i) an involuntary termination by Andeavor without cause (as defined below) or by reason of death or (ii)

a voluntary termination by the participant for good reason (as defined below), except in the case of Mr. Goff, as described in “The Merger—
Letter Agreement with Mr. Goff” below;

 

 

•  “cause” means the conviction of or a plea of nolo contendere to the charge of a felony (which, through lapse of time or otherwise, is not
subject to appeal); a willful refusal without proper legal cause to perform, or gross negligence in performing, the participant’s duties and
responsibilities; a material breach of fiduciary duty to Andeavor through the misappropriation of Andeavor funds or property; or the
unauthorized absence of the participant from work (other than for sick or approved disability leave or leave under the Family Medical Leave
Act) for a period of 30 or more working days out of a consecutive 45 working day period; and

 

 

•  “good reason” means the occurrence of any of the following: (a) without the participant’s express written consent, the assignment to the
participant of any duties inconsistent with the employment of the participant immediately prior to the change in control, or a significant
diminution of the participant’s positions, duties, responsibilities and status with Andeavor from those immediately prior to a change in
control or a diminution in the participant’s titles or offices as in effect immediately prior to a change in control, or any removal of the
participant from, or any failure to reelect the participant to, any of such positions; (b) a material reduction by Andeavor in the participant’s
base salary, as in effect immediately prior to a change in control; (c) the failure by Andeavor to continue benefits, including but not limited
to, 401(k), pension, life insurance, and health plans, substantially equal in value, in the aggregate, to those in which the participant is
participating or is eligible to participate at the time of the change in control except as otherwise required by the terms of such plans as in
effect at the time of any change in control; (d) the failure by Andeavor to continue in effect any incentive plan or arrangement in which the
participant is participating at the time of a change in control (or to substitute and continue other plans or arrangements providing the
participant with substantially similar benefits), except as otherwise required by the terms of such plans as in effect at the time of any change
in control; (e) the occurrence of an event that meets the criteria set forth under Andeavor’s relocation policy, as in effect from time to time,
with respect to which either (i) the participant fails to provide express written consent to the relocation or (ii) Andeavor fails to provide the
relocation benefit set forth in such policy; or (f) any failure by Andeavor to obtain the assumption of the Executive CIC Agreement by any
successor or assign of Andeavor.

 
-148-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 162/241

Table of Contents

See “The Merger—Advisory Vote on Merger-Related Compensation for Andeavor’s Named Executive Officers” beginning on page 150, for the
estimated amounts that the named executive officers of Andeavor would receive under the Executive CIC Plan upon a qualifying termination as of
May 18, 2018. Andeavor’s executive officers as a group would receive approximately $32,505,194 in cash severance and continued medical benefits
upon a qualifying termination under the Executive CIC Plan as of May 18, 2018.

Letter Agreement with Mr. Goff

Mr. Goff entered into a letter agreement with MPC, effective upon the closing of the merger, pursuant to which he will serve as Executive Vice
Chairman and agreed to a noncompetition provision for a period of three years following any termination of employment. Under the letter agreement,
Mr. Goff’s compensation will consist of an annual base salary of $1,600,000, an annual target bonus opportunity of 160% of his base salary and an
annual target long-term incentive grant with a grant date fair value of $12,250,000. In the event of Mr. Goff’s termination for any reason other than for
cause (as defined in the Executive CIC Plan) after the first anniversary of the closing of the merger, Mr. Goff will be entitled to receive enhanced
severance benefits under the terms of the Executive CIC Plan and accelerated vesting of outstanding equity awards applicable for a qualifying
termination under the Andeavor stock plans, each as described above. For the first year following the closing of the merger, Mr. Goff will only be
eligible to receive such enhanced severance benefits and accelerated vesting of outstanding equity awards if his employment is terminated by MPC
without cause (as defined in the Executive CIC Plan).

2018 Annual Cash Performance Bonuses

Eligible Andeavor employees, including its executive officers, (who we refer to as bonus eligible employees) will receive payment of a 2018
annual cash performance bonus based on actual achievement of performance conditions for the full period in accordance with the performance criteria
and bonus opportunities established by Andeavor for the 2018 bonuses. Such bonuses will be paid by MPC (or Merger Sub 1 or an affiliate) to bonus
eligible employees who remain employed through December 31, 2018 (unless earlier terminated without cause, provided that this does not result in
duplication of benefits) at the time Andeavor generally paid such bonuses in the ordinary course (after December 31, 2018 but no later than March 15,
2019) (which we refer to as the payment date). If the Closing has not occurred prior to the payment date, Andeavor and its subsidiaries will pay such
2018 bonuses. See “The Merger—Advisory Vote on Merger-Related Compensation for Andeavor’s Named Executive Officers” beginning on page 150,
for information regarding 2018 bonus payments for the named executive officers determined in accordance with Item 402(t) of the SEC’s
Regulation S-K. Based on the estimated closing date of the merger solely for purposes of this joint proxy statement/prospectus of May 18, 2018, the
aggregate amount of 2018 bonuses that would be payable to Andeavor’s current executive officers as a group based on target performance assuming the
executive officers remained employed through December 31, 2018 or were terminated earlier without cause is $6,729,820.

Further Actions

Andeavor and MPC have agreed that Andeavor may grant cash retention awards and transaction incentives to Andeavor’s employees, including
Andeavor’s executive officers. Awards would be payable in cash in connection with the closing of the merger and/or service following the closing of the
merger, subject in each case to the terms and conditions agreed upon by Andeavor and MPC. As of the date of this proxy statement/prospectus, no
determinations have been made as to any executive officer who will receive awards or the amounts of such awards. In addition, prior to the effective
time of the merger, MPC, or with MPC’s permission Andeavor, may enter into employment or other arrangements with the executive officers and/or
provide for payments (or the right to future payment) in connection with the merger.

Indemnification and Insurance

From and after the effective time of the first merger, MPC shall and shall cause the surviving corporation to (including by MPC providing
sufficient funds to the surviving corporation or the applicable subsidiary)
 

-149-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 163/241

Table of Contents

indemnify and hold harmless each present and former director and officer of Andeavor or any of its subsidiaries and each other person who, at the
request or for the benefit of Andeavor or any of its subsidiaries, is or was previously serving as a director or officer, Andeavor Logistics employee or
fiduciary of any other person or any benefit plan of Andeavor or any benefit plan of any of Andeavor’s subsidiaries (in each case, when acting in such
capacity), determined as of the effective time of the first merger (which we refer to as an indemnified party), from and against any costs or expenses
(including reasonable attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines, losses, claims, damages, penalties, amounts paid in settlement (including all interest,
assessments and other charges) or liabilities incurred in connection with any claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation, whether civil, criminal,
administrative or investigative, arising out of matters existing or occurring at or prior to the effective time of the first merger, whether asserted or
claimed prior to, at or after the effective time of the first merger, to the fullest extent that Andeavor or the applicable subsidiary of Andeavor would have
been permitted under Delaware law and under its certificate of incorporation, bylaws or other governing documents in effect on April 29, 2018 to
indemnify such person and advance fees, costs and expenses (including attorney’s fees and disbursements) as incurred to the fullest extent permitted
under applicable law, subject to an undertaking requirement.

In addition, the merger agreement contains certain obligations related to (i) maintaining indemnification protections in the governing documents of
the surviving corporation that are no less advantageous than the corresponding provisions in effect on April 29, 2018 for six years after the effective
time of the first merger and (ii) the purchase of directors’ and officers’ liability “tail” insurance policies with a claims period of at least six years after
the effective time of the first merger with respect to matters existing or occurring at or prior to the effective time of the first merger for persons who are
covered under Andeavor’s existing policies. For additional information see the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Indemnification; Directors’
and Officers’ Insurance” beginning on page 184.

Advisory Vote on Merger-Related Compensation for Andeavor’s Named Executive Officers

This section sets forth the information required by Item 402(t) of Regulation S-K regarding the compensation of each of Andeavor’s named
executive officers, that is based on or otherwise relates to the merger and that will or may become payable to the named executive officers at the closing
of the first merger or on a qualifying termination of employment upon or following the consummation of the merger. This compensation is referred to as
“golden parachute” compensation by the applicable SEC disclosure rules, and in this section we use such term to describe the merger-related
compensation payable to the Andeavor named executive officers. The “golden parachute” compensation payable to these individuals is subject to a non-
binding advisory vote of Andeavor stockholders. The “named executive officers” are the individuals listed as such in Andeavor’s most recent annual
proxy statement.

As described above, pursuant to the pre-existing terms of the award agreements granted to Andeavor employees, awards will vest on a double-
trigger basis upon a qualifying termination of the individual’s employment within a two-year period following the merger. For details on the treatment of
outstanding Andeavor awards, see the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Treatment of Andeavor Equity Awards in the Merger” beginning on
page 156. Each of the individuals named in the table below participates in the Executive CIC Plan that provides for enhanced severance benefits in the
event of a qualifying termination of such individual’s employment in connection with the merger, as described in more detail in the section entitled “The
Merger—Executive Severance and Change in Control Plan” beginning on page 148.

The amounts set forth in the table below assume the following:
 

 
•  the closing of the merger occurred on May 18, 2018, which is the assumed date of the closing of the merger solely for purposes of this

golden parachute compensation disclosure;
 

 
•  the individual is terminated without “cause” or (except in the case of Mr. Goff) resigns for “good reason” (for purposes of this section, each,

as applicable, a “qualifying termination” under the terms of the applicable plan) immediately following the assumed closing of the merger
on May 18, 2018; and

 
-150-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 164/241

Table of Contents

 •  the per share price for each Andeavor common share is $152.27 which is the per share cash consideration to be paid in the merger.

The amounts reported in the table below are estimates based on multiple assumptions that may or may not actually occur, including assumptions
described in this joint proxy statement/prospectus, and do not reflect compensation actions that may occur following the filing of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus, base compensation increases or annual equity award grants in the ordinary course prior to the closing of the merger. The amounts
reported below also include any equity or cash-based awards that may vest after May 18, 2018 but before the actual closing of the merger. As a result,
the actual amounts, if any, to be received by an Andeavor named executive officer may differ materially from the amounts set forth below. In addition,
some of the amounts reflected in the table below are attributable to “double-trigger” arrangements (i.e., the amounts are payable only in the event of a
qualifying termination of the named executive officer’s employment during a specified period following the consummation of the merger).

Golden Parachute Compensation
 
Name   

Cash
($) (1)    

Equity
($) (2)    

Pension/
NQDC ($) (3)    

Benefits
($) (4)    

Total
($)  

Gregory J. Goff    15,040,002    52,284,745    0    40,419    67,365,166 
Steven M. Sterin    5,334,000    10,804,008    979,952    40,419    17,158,379 
Keith M. Casey    4,813,300    11,285,470    1,101,423    40,419    17,240,612 
Kim K.W. Rucker    4,794,000    8,545,842    294,330    40,419    13,609,261 
Cynthia J. Warner    4,302,000    7,694,143    730,792    40,419    12,767,354 
 
(1) The amounts reflect both single and double-trigger lump sum cash payments. Payments in respect of 2018 annual cash performance bonuses,

which will be based on the actual achievement of performance conditions and are estimated based on target performance, are considered single-
trigger payments because they would be made if the named executive officer remained employed through December 31, 2018, irrespective of a
later termination of employment, or if the named executive officer is terminated without cause. Estimated double-trigger cash severance payments,
under the Executive CIC Plan, on a pre-tax basis, consist of 2.5 times (3 times for Mr. Goff) the sum of (i) the named executive officer’s annual
base salary (assuming the named executive officer’s salary on the date of his/her involuntary termination is his/her salary as of May 18, 2018) and
(ii) the named executive officer’s annual incentive award target bonus for the year in which employment is terminated. The cash severance
payments would be paid in the event of a qualifying termination within two years after the closing of the merger. Details of the cash payments are
shown in the following supplementary table:

 
Name   

2018 Annual Bonus
($)    

CIC Severance
($)    Total ($)  

Mr. Goff    2,560,000    12,480,002    15,040,002 
Mr. Sterin    924,000    4,410,000    5,334,000 
Mr. Casey    833,800    3,979,500    4,813,300 
Ms. Rucker    799,000    3,995,000    4,794,000 
Ms. Warner    717,000    3,585,000    4,302,000 

 
(2) The amounts reflect the double-trigger vesting of the following outstanding equity awards, assuming a qualifying termination of employment

following the closing of the merger. Estimated double trigger payments reflect: (a) Andeavor performance shares, assuming target performance,
(b) unvested MSUs, assuming performance based on a stock price equal to $152.27, and (c) Andeavor Logistics performance phantom units,
assuming target performance, and will be paid in a lump sum. Please see the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Treatment of Andeavor
Equity Awards in the Merger” beginning on page 156, for a description of the treatment of outstanding equity awards in connection with the
merger. The amounts

 
-151-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 165/241

Table of Contents

 
above do not include shares of Andeavor common stock underlying vested options that may be exercised prior to the closing of the merger. The
values of unvested MSUs calculated at target would be $18,277,729 for Mr. Goff, $3,781,169 for Mr. Sterin, $4,289,750 for Mr. Casey,
$2,878,208 for Ms. Rucker and $2,827,654 for Ms. Warner.

The actual amounts that would be received by the named executive officers in connection with a qualifying termination within a two-year period
following the closing of the merger would be determined based on the conversions described in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—
Treatment of Andeavor Equity Awards in the Merger” and may be higher or lower than the estimated amounts shown above. The estimated
amounts are based on the assumptions detailed above with respect to the price per Andeavor common share ($152.27) and the closing date of the
merger (May 18, 2018).

Details of the payments that would be received upon a qualifying termination in connection with outstanding equity awards are shown in the
following supplementary table:

 

Name   
Performance Shares

($)(a)    MSUs ($)(b)    

Andeavor Logistics
Performance Phantom

Units ($)(c)    Total ($)  
Mr. Goff    17,484,403    28,605,084    6,195,258    52,284,745 
Mr. Sterin    3,617,122    5,907,080    1,279,806    10,804,008 
Mr. Casey    4,096,580    6,733,655    455,235    11,285,470 
Ms. Rucker    2,750,717    4,821,920    973,205    8,545,842 
Ms. Warner    2,710,069    4,411,958    572,116    7,694,143 

 

 

(a) The amounts above include $298,754, $61,009, $66,754, $43,509 and $48,694 in accrued, but unpaid, dividend equivalents for Messrs.
Goff, Sterin and Casey and Mses. Rucker and Warner, respectively, to be paid upon distribution of the award. Assumed performance awards
will be converted to time-based restricted stock units, based on the greater of target and actual performance as determined by the
compensation committee of the Andeavor board in consultation with the chief executive officer of MPC at the closing of the merger.

 

 
(b) Assumed Andeavor MSUs will be converted to time-based restricted stock units, based on the greater of target and actual performance as

determined by the compensation committee of the Andeavor board in consultation with the chief executive officer of MPC at the closing of
the merger. Unvested MSUs are not entitled to the accrual of dividend equivalents.

 

 

(c) The amounts above include $606,522, $123,807, $74,917, $93,566 and $33,975 in accrued, but unpaid, dividend equivalents for Messrs.
Goff, Sterin and Casey and Mses. Rucker and Warner, respectively, to be paid upon vesting of the award and assume a per-unit value of
$42.38, which is the average closing market price over the first five business days following April 30, 2018. Upon the merger, Andeavor
Logistics performance phantom units will be converted into time-based phantom unit awards based on the greater of target or actual
performance.

 

(3) The amounts reflect single trigger vesting of retirement benefits including: $979,952, $1,101,423 and $730,792 for Messrs. Sterin and Casey and
Ms. Warner, respectively, under the Andeavor Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, and $229,000 for Ms. Rucker under the Andeavor
Restoration Pension Plan. The amounts exclude $118,796, $134,668, $360,727, $70,392 and $19,368 for Messrs. Goff, Sterin and Casey and
Mses. Rucker and Warner, respectively, in balances under the Andeavor Executive Deferred Compensation Plan, which are already vested. While
all of the named executive officers have balances under the plan, as reflected above, only Ms. Rucker’s is partially unvested. The unvested amount
for Ms. Rucker is $65,330, which is subject to single trigger vesting and reflected in the table.

 

(4) The amounts reflect the estimated value of continued participation in Andeavor’s group medical plan (excluding dental and vision benefits) for a
period of 30 months. Such benefits are double trigger and are provided for qualifying terminations that occur within two years after the closing of
the merger.

 
-152-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 166/241

Table of Contents

Reimbursement for Fees

The merger agreement provides that, following the effective time of the first merger, MPC will cause four current members of the Andeavor
board, who will be identified by Andeavor between April 29, 2018 and prior to the closing date of the merger, to be appointed to the MPC board and,
subject to fiduciary obligations under applicable law, use its reasonable best efforts to cause such individuals to be elected to the MPC board in
accordance with MPC’s certificate of incorporation or bylaws at the first annual meeting of stockholders of MPC at which such director is eligible for
election with a proxy mailing date after the effective time of the first merger. If any such individuals are required to file a notification and report form
under the HSR Act with the FTC and the DOJ due to, among other things, their role as directors of MPC following the completion of the merger and
their receipt of stock consideration, Andeavor expects to pay or reimburse the costs associated with any such filings.

Listing of MPC Shares; Delisting and Deregistration of Andeavor Shares

If the merger is completed, the shares of MPC common stock to be issued in the merger will be listed for trading on the NYSE, Andeavor
common stock will be delisted from the NYSE and deregistered under the Exchange Act, and Andeavor will no longer be required to file periodic
reports with the SEC.

Accounting Treatment of the Merger

MPC prepares its financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The accounting guidance for business combinations, which is referred to as
Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 805, requires the use of the acquisition method of accounting for the merger, which requires the
determination of the acquirer, the purchase price, the acquisition date, the fair value of assets and liabilities of the acquiree and the measurement of
goodwill. MPC will be treated as the acquirer for accounting purposes.
 

-153-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 167/241

Table of Contents

THE MERGER AGREEMENT

This section describes the material terms of the merger agreement, which was executed on April 29, 2018. The description of the merger
agreement in this section and elsewhere in this joint proxy statement/prospectus is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of the merger
agreement, a copy of which is attached as Annex A to this joint proxy statement/prospectus and is incorporated by reference herein in its entirety. This
summary does not purport to be complete and may not contain all of the information about the merger agreement that is important to you. You are
encouraged to read the merger agreement carefully and in its entirety, because it is the legal document that governs the merger.

Explanatory Note Regarding the Merger Agreement

The merger agreement and this summary are included solely to provide you with information regarding the terms of the merger agreement.
Factual disclosures about MPC, Andeavor, or any of their respective subsidiaries or affiliates contained in this joint proxy statement/prospectus or in
MPC’s or Andeavor’s public reports filed with the SEC may supplement, update or modify the factual disclosures about MPC or Andeavor, as
applicable, contained in the merger agreement. The representations, warranties and covenants made in the merger agreement by MPC, Andeavor,
Merger Sub 1 and Merger Sub 2 were made solely for the purposes of the merger agreement and as of specific dates and were qualified and subject to
important limitations agreed to by MPC, Andeavor, Merger Sub 1 and Merger Sub 2 in connection with negotiating the terms of the merger agreement.
In particular, in your review of the representations and warranties contained in the merger agreement and described in this summary, it is important to
bear in mind that the representations and warranties were negotiated with the principal purposes of establishing the circumstances in which a party to the
merger agreement may have the right not to complete the merger if the representations and warranties of the other party prove to be untrue due to a
change in circumstance or otherwise, and allocating risk between the parties to the merger agreement, rather than establishing matters as facts. The
representations and warranties may also be subject to a contractual standard of materiality different from those generally applicable to stockholders and
reports and documents filed with the SEC, and in some cases were qualified by the matters contained in the respective disclosure letters that MPC and
Andeavor delivered to each other in connection with the merger agreement, which disclosures were not reflected in the merger agreement. Moreover,
information concerning the subject matter of the representations and warranties, which do not purport to be accurate as of the date of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus, may have changed since the date of the merger agreement. Investors should not rely on the merger agreement representations,
warranties, covenants or any descriptions thereof as characterizations of the actual state of facts of MPC, Andeavor, Merger Sub 1, Merger Sub 2 or any
of their respective subsidiaries or affiliates.

The Merger

Pursuant to the merger agreement, MPC will acquire Andeavor. The merger agreement provides that, upon the terms and subject to the conditions
in the merger agreement, and in accordance with the DGCL, at the effective time, Merger Sub 1 will merge with and into Andeavor in the first merger.
As a result of the first merger, the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub 1 will cease, and Andeavor will continue as the surviving corporation and
a wholly owned subsidiary of MPC.

Immediately following the effective time of the first merger, upon the terms and subject to the conditions in the merger agreement, and in
accordance with the DGCL and the Limited Liability Company Act of the State of Delaware, which is referred to as the LLC Act, the surviving
corporation from the first merger will be merged with and into Merger Sub 2, which is referred to as the second merger. As a result of the second merger,
the separate corporate existence of the surviving corporation will cease, and Merger Sub 2 will continue as the surviving company and a wholly owned
subsidiary of MPC.

Closing and Effective Time of the First Merger

Unless otherwise mutually agreed to in writing between MPC and Andeavor, the closing of the merger will take place on the fifth business day
following the day on which the last to be satisfied or waived of the conditions
 

-154-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 168/241

Table of Contents

to completion of the merger, described in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Conditions to the Completion of the Merger” beginning on
page 179, has been satisfied or waived (other than those conditions which by their nature are to be satisfied at or immediately prior to the closing of the
merger, but subject to the fulfillment or waiver of those conditions).

Assuming timely satisfaction of the necessary closing conditions, the parties currently expect the closing of the merger to occur in the second half
of 2018. The first merger will become effective at the time when the certificate of merger for the first merger has been duly filed with the Secretary of
State of the State of Delaware, or at such later date or time as MPC and Andeavor may agree in writing and specify in the certificate of merger for the
first merger. Immediately following the effective time of the first merger, the second merger will become effective at the time when the certificate of
merger for the second merger has been duly filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, or at such later date or time as MPC and the
surviving corporation may agree in writing and specify in the certificate of merger for the second merger.

Merger Consideration

As a result of the first merger, each share of Andeavor common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the first
merger, other than excluded shares, will be converted into the “per share merger consideration” of either $152.27 in cash, which is referred to as cash
consideration, or 1.87, which is referred to as the exchange ratio, of shares of MPC common stock, which is referred to as stock consideration, in each
case without interest. As further described below in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Election and Exchange Procedures” beginning on
page 158, and in more detail in the merger agreement, each Andeavor stockholder will, until the election deadline, be entitled to elect to receive either
cash consideration, which is referred to as a cash election, or stock consideration, which is referred to as a stock election, in exchange for each share of
Andeavor common stock held by him or her that was issued and outstanding immediately prior to the election deadline (other than any excluded shares),
subject to the allocation and proration procedures described below and in further detail in the merger agreement. Andeavor stockholders (other than
holders of excluded shares) who make no election or an untimely election (or who otherwise are deemed not to have submitted an effective form of
election) will be deemed to have made a stock election. MPC has reasonable discretion to determine whether stock elections or cash elections have been
made or deemed made in respect of any shares of Andeavor common stock. For more information regarding the election deadline, see the section
entitled “The Merger Agreement—Election and Exchange Procedures” beginning on page 158.

Stock elections and cash elections are subject to the allocation and proration procedures set forth in the merger agreement to ensure that the total
number of shares of Andeavor common stock converted into cash consideration will be equal to 22,885,359 shares of Andeavor common stock, which is
referred to as the cash election number.

In the event that the aggregate number of shares of Andeavor common stock in respect of which cash elections have been made, which are
referred to as cash election shares, exceeds the cash election number, all cash election shares will be converted into the right to receive stock
consideration or cash consideration as follows:
 

 

•  the cash election shares held by each record holder of shares of Andeavor common stock will be deemed converted into shares in respect of
which stock elections have been made, which are referred to as stock election shares, on a pro rata basis based on the ratio of (x) one minus
(y) the cash election number divided by the total number of cash election shares, such that the aggregate number of cash election shares so
deemed converted, when added to the number of stock election shares, will equal as closely as practicable the stock election number (as
described below);

 

 •  any remaining cash election shares will be converted into the right to receive cash consideration; and
 

 
•  the number of cash election shares of a holder of Andeavor common stock that are to remain cash election shares pursuant to the calculation

described above will be rounded downward where needed.
 

-155-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 169/241

Table of Contents

In the event that the aggregate number of stock election shares exceeds the total number of shares of Andeavor common stock to be converted in
connection with the merger less the cash election number, which is referred to as the stock election number, all stock election shares will be converted
into stock consideration or cash consideration as follows:
 

 

•  the stock election shares held by each record holder of shares of Andeavor common stock will be deemed converted into cash election
shares on a pro rata basis based on the ratio of (x) one minus (y) the stock election number divided by the total number of stock election
shares, such that the aggregate number of stock election shares so deemed converted, when added to the number of other shares of Andeavor
common stock in respect of which cash elections have been made, will equal as closely as practicable the cash election number;

 

 •  any remaining stock election shares will be converted into the right to receive stock consideration; and
 

 
•  the number of stock election shares of a holder of Andeavor common stock that are to remain stock election shares pursuant to the

calculation described above will be rounded downward where needed.

Andeavor stockholders will not be entitled to receive any fractional shares of MPC common stock in the merger, and no Andeavor stockholders
will be entitled to dividends, voting rights or any other rights in respect of any fractional shares of MPC common stock. Andeavor stockholders that
would have otherwise been entitled to receive a fractional share of MPC common stock will instead be entitled to receive, in lieu of fractional shares, an
amount in cash, without interest, equal to the product of the average of the closing prices per share of MPC common stock on the NYSE, as reported by
The Wall Street Journal (or if not reported thereby, as reported in another authoritative source), for the five full trading days ending on the second
business day immediately preceding the date on which the effective time of the first merger occurs, multiplied by the fraction of a share of MPC
common stock (after taking into account all of the shares of Andeavor common stock held by the holder at the effective time of the first merger and
rounded to the nearest one thousandth) to which the holder would otherwise be entitled.

At the effective time, all shares of Andeavor common stock will cease to be outstanding, will be cancelled and will cease to exist, and each
certificate formerly representing any shares of Andeavor common stock, and each non-certificated share of Andeavor common stock represented by
book-entry (other than, in each case, those representing excluded shares) will thereafter represent only the right to receive, without interest, the
applicable per share merger consideration, and (with respect to the stock consideration) the right, if any, to receive cash in lieu of fractional shares into
which such shares have been converted and any distribution or dividend on shares of MPC common stock issued in the merger payable after the
effective time of the first merger.

Each excluded share will, at the effective time of the first merger, be cancelled and cease to exist, with no consideration paid therefor.

Treatment of Andeavor Equity Awards in the Merger

Treatment of Andeavor Options

At the effective time of the first merger, each outstanding option award to purchase Andeavor common stock, which is referred to as an Andeavor
option, whether vested or unvested, will, automatically and without any action on the part of the holder thereof, cease to represent an option award to
purchase Andeavor common stock and will be converted into an option award to acquire a number of shares of MPC common stock (rounded down to
the nearest whole number) equal to the number of shares of Andeavor common stock subject to the Andeavor option immediately prior to the effective
time of the first merger multiplied by the exchange ratio, at an exercise price per share (rounded up to the nearest whole cent) equal to the exercise price
per Andeavor share of such Andeavor option immediately prior to the effective time of the first merger divided by the exchange ratio. Following the
effective time of the first merger, each such option will continue to be governed by the same terms and conditions as were applicable to such Andeavor
option immediately prior to the effective time of the first merger.
 

-156-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 170/241

Table of Contents

Treatment of Andeavor Restricted Stock Units

At the effective time of the first merger, each outstanding restricted stock unit award or phantom stock award in respect of Andeavor common
stock with only time-based vesting requirements, except for awards held by non-employee directors of Andeavor, which is referred to as an Andeavor
RSU, whether vested or unvested, will, automatically and without any action on the part of the holder thereof, cease to represent a restricted stock unit
award or phantom stock award denominated in Andeavor common stock and be converted into a restricted stock unit award denominated in MPC
common stock relating to the number of shares of MPC common stock (rounded down to the nearest whole number) equal to the number of shares of
Andeavor common stock subject to such Andeavor RSU immediately prior to the effective time of the first merger multiplied by the exchange ratio.
Following the effective time of the first merger, each such RSU will continue to be governed by the same terms and conditions (including vesting terms)
as were applicable to such Andeavor RSU immediately prior to the effective time of the first merger.

Treatment of Andeavor Director Restricted Stock Units

At the effective time of the first merger, any vesting conditions applicable to each outstanding restricted stock unit award in respect of Andeavor
common stock with only time-based vesting requirements that is held by a non-employee director of Andeavor, which is referred to as an Andeavor
director RSU, will, automatically and without any required action on the part of the holder thereof, accelerate in full and be cancelled and will only
entitle the holder of such Andeavor director RSU to receive (without interest), as soon as reasonably practicable following the effective time of the first
merger (but in any event no later than 10 business days thereafter) an amount in cash equal to the number of shares of Andeavor common stock subject
to such Andeavor director RSU multiplied by the cash consideration; provided, however, that to the extent that any such Andeavor director RSU
constitutes nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code, such cash payment will be paid in accordance
with the applicable award’s terms and at the earliest time permitted under the terms of such award that will not result in the application of a tax or
penalty under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code.

Treatment of Andeavor Performance Share Awards

At the effective time of the first merger, each outstanding performance share award in respect of Andeavor common stock with any performance-
based vesting requirements, which is referred to as an Andeavor PSA, will, automatically and without any action on the part of the holder thereof, cease
to represent a performance share award denominated in Andeavor common stock and be converted into a time-based restricted stock unit denominated
in MPC common stock relating to the number of shares of MPC common stock (rounded down to the nearest whole number) equal to the number of
shares of Andeavor common stock that would have been issued under such Andeavor PSA assuming the greater of the achievement of target
performance or the achievement of actual performance measured as of the effective time of the first merger, as reasonably determined in good faith by
the compensation committee of the Andeavor board in accordance with the applicable award agreement and in consultation with the Chief Executive
Officer of MPC, multiplied by the exchange ratio. Following the effective time of the first merger, each such RSU will continue to be governed by the
same terms and conditions (including time-based vesting terms) as were applicable to such Andeavor PSA immediately prior to the effective time of the
first merger.

Treatment of Andeavor Market Stock Units

At the effective time of the first merger, each outstanding market stock unit in respect of Andeavor common stock, which is referred to as an
Andeavor MSU, will, automatically and without any action on the part of the holder thereof, cease to represent a market stock unit award denominated
in Andeavor common stock and be converted into a time-based restricted stock unit award denominated in MPC common stock relating to the number
of shares of MPC common stock (rounded down to the nearest whole number) equal to the number of
 

-157-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 171/241

Table of Contents

shares of Andeavor common stock that would have been issued under such Andeavor MSU based on the greater of the achievement of target
performance or the achievement of actual performance measured as of the effective time of the first merger, as reasonably determined in good faith by
the compensation committee of the Andeavor board in accordance with the applicable award agreement and in consultation with the Chief Executive
Officer of MPC, multiplied by the exchange ratio. Following the effective time of the first merger, each such RSU will continue to be governed by the
same terms and conditions (including time-based vesting terms) as were applicable to such Andeavor MSU immediately prior to the effective time of the
first merger.

Treatment of Andeavor Restricted Shares

At the effective time of the first merger, each outstanding share of Andeavor common stock that is subject to vesting, repurchase, or other lapse of
restrictions, which is referred to as an Andeavor restricted share, will, automatically and without any action on the part of the holder thereof, cease to
represent an Andeavor restricted share and be converted into a number of restricted shares of MPC common stock (rounded down to the nearest whole
number) equal to the number of Andeavor restricted shares held by the holder of such award, multiplied by the exchange ratio. Following the effective
time of the first merger, each such restricted share will continue to be governed by the same terms and conditions (including vesting terms) as were
applicable to such Andeavor restricted share immediately prior to the effective time of the first merger.

Treatment of Other Company Awards

At the effective time of the first merger, each outstanding right of any kind, contingent or accrued, to acquire or receive shares of Andeavor
common stock or benefits measured by the value of shares of Andeavor common stock, and each award of any kind consisting of shares of Andeavor
common stock that may be held, awarded, outstanding, payable or reserved for issuance under any Andeavor benefit plans other than Andeavor options,
Andeavor RSUs, Andeavor director RSUs, Andeavor PSAs, Andeavor MSUs, and Andeavor restricted shares, which are referred to collectively as the
Andeavor other awards, will, automatically and without any action on the part of the holder thereof, cease to represent an award denominated in
Andeavor common stock and be converted into the right to acquire or receive benefits measured by the value of (as the case may be) the number of
shares of MPC common stock (rounded down to the nearest whole number) equal to the product of the number of shares of Andeavor common stock
subject to such Andeavor other award immediately prior to the effective time of the first merger multiplied by the exchange ratio. Following the
effective time of the first merger, each such award will continue to be governed by the same terms and conditions as were applicable to such Andeavor
other award immediately prior to the effective time of the first merger.

Election and Exchange Procedures

MPC has selected Computershare Trust Company, N.A. to serve as the exchange agent and to handle the exchange of shares of Andeavor common
stock for the per share merger consideration, as described above.

At the effective time of the first merger, MPC will deposit with the exchange agent cash constituting at least the amount necessary for the
aggregate amount of cash consideration, and certificates (or at MPC’s option, evidence of non-certificated shares of MPC common stock in book-entry
form) constituting at least the amount necessary for the aggregate amount of stock consideration. In addition, MPC will deposit with the exchange agent,
as necessary from time to time after the effective time of the first merger, if applicable, cash, dividends or other distributions with respect to the shares of
MPC common stock to be issued in the first merger, as further described in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Dividends and Distributions
on Shares of MPC Common Stock” beginning on page 161.

Prior to the closing of the merger, the exchange agent will provide a form of election and appropriate transmittal materials to holders of record of
shares of Andeavor common stock (other than holders of excluded shares and shares represented by Andeavor options, Andeavor RSUs, Andeavor
director RSUs, Andeavor PSAs,
 

-158-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 172/241

Table of Contents

Andeavor MSUs, Andeavor restricted shares and Andeavor other awards) advising such holders of the procedure for exercising their right to make an
election.

Andeavor stockholders should not return their stock certificates with the enclosed proxy card, and Andeavor stockholders should not
forward their stock certificates to the exchange agent without a valid form of election and other appropriate transmittal materials.

To be effective, a form of election must be properly completed, signed and submitted to the exchange agent by 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time on the
business day that is two trading days prior to the closing date for the first merger, or such other date and time as MPC may publicly announce with the
consent of Andeavor, which is referred to as the election deadline. Each form of election submitted to the exchange agent must be accompanied by:
 

 
•  for book-entry shares of Andeavor common stock, customary evidence of ownership of such shares as determined by the exchange agent by

the election deadline, and
 

 

•  for certificated shares of Andeavor common stock, the certificate representing such shares (or affidavits of loss in lieu of such certificates or
an appropriate guarantee of delivery of such certificates by a financial institution that is a participant in the Security Transfer Agents
Medallion Program, the New York Stock Exchange Medallion Signature Guarantee Program or the Stock Exchange Medallion Program,
followed in the case of guarantees of delivery within two trading days after the date of execution of such guarantee of delivery by delivery to
the exchange agent of the certificates represented by such guarantee of delivery) and a letter of transmittal by the election deadline.

An Andeavor stockholder may revoke his or her merger consideration election by written notice received by the exchange agent prior to the
election deadline. A holder of shares of Andeavor common stock who has validly revoked his or her merger consideration election and has not properly
submitted a new duly completed form of election will be deemed to have made a stock election. MPC will determine, in its reasonable discretion, which
discretion and authority it may delegate in whole or in part to the exchange agent, whether forms of election (and where applicable, appropriate
transmittal materials) have been properly completed, signed and submitted or revoked, and the decision of MPC (or the exchange agent, as the case may
be) in such matters will be conclusive and binding.

From and after the effective time of the first merger, there will be no further transfers on the stock transfer books of Andeavor of the shares of
Andeavor common stock that were outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the first merger. If, after the effective time of the first merger,
any certificate of a share of Andeavor common stock is presented to the surviving corporation, surviving company, MPC or the exchange agent for
transfer, it will be canceled and exchanged for the per share merger consideration to which the holder of the certificate is entitled pursuant to the merger
agreement.

Termination of the Exchange Fund

Any portion of the exchange fund that remains unclaimed by Andeavor stockholders for 180 days after the effective time of the first merger will
be delivered to MPC. Thereafter, Andeavor stockholders will be entitled to look only to MPC with respect to the payment of any per share merger
consideration (and/or cash in lieu of fractional shares and/or dividends or distributions with respect to such per share merger consideration, as
contemplated by the merger agreement), without any interest thereon. None of the surviving company, MPC, the exchange agent or any other person
will be liable to any former holder of shares of Andeavor common stock for any amount properly delivered to a public official pursuant to applicable
abandoned property, escheat or similar laws. Immediately before any portion of the exchange fund would otherwise escheat to, or become the property
of, any governmental authority, such amount will, to the extent permitted by law, become the property of MPC.
 

-159-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 173/241

Table of Contents

Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Share Certificates

If a certificate for shares of Andeavor common stock has been lost, stolen or destroyed, then, before an Andeavor stockholder will be
entitled to receive the per share merger consideration (and/or cash in lieu of fractional shares and/or dividends or distribution with respect to
such per share merger consideration, as contemplated by the merger agreement), such holder will need to make an affidavit of that fact and, if
requested by MPC, post a bond (in such amount as is customary and upon such terms as may be required by MPC) as indemnity against any
claim that may be made against MPC, the exchange agent or any of MPC’s subsidiaries with respect to such certificate.

Adjustments to Prevent Dilution

In the event that, prior to the effective time of the first merger, either MPC or Andeavor changes the number of shares of MPC common stock (or
securities convertible or exchangeable into or exercisable for MPC common stock) or Andeavor common stock (or securities convertible or
exchangeable into or exercisable for Andeavor common stock), as the case may be, issued and outstanding, by reason of any reclassification, stock split
(including a reverse stock split), stock dividend or distribution, recapitalization, merger, issuer tender or exchange offer, or another similar transaction,
then the per share merger consideration and the cash election number will be equitably adjusted, without duplication, to proportionally reflect such
change.

Organizational Documents; Directors, Managers and Officers; NYSE Listing

Organizational Documents

At the effective time of the first merger, the certificate of incorporation of the surviving corporation will be amended and restated in its entirety to
read as set forth in Exhibit A to the merger agreement, until thereafter amended as provided therein or by applicable law.

The certificate of formation and limited liability company agreement of Merger Sub 2 in effect immediately prior to the effective time of the
second merger will be the certificate of formation and limited liability company agreement of the surviving company from and after the effective time of
the second merger until thereafter as provided therein or by applicable law.

Directors, Managers and Officers

The board of directors of Merger Sub 1 immediately prior to the effective time of the first merger will be the directors of the surviving corporation
from and after the effective time of the first merger, until their successors have been duly elected or appointed and qualified or until their earlier death,
resignation or removal in accordance with the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of the surviving corporation. The officers of Andeavor
immediately prior to the effective time of the first merger will be the officers of the surviving corporation from and after the effective time of the first
merger until their successors have been duly appointed or until their earlier death, resignation or removal in accordance with the certificate of
incorporation and bylaws of the surviving corporation.

The officers of the surviving corporation immediately prior to the effective time of the second merger will be the officers of the surviving
company from and after the effective time of the second merger until their respective successors are duly elected or appointed and qualified in
accordance with applicable law.

NYSE Listing

As promptly as practicable following the completion of the first merger, Andeavor common stock will be delisted from the NYSE, deregistered
under the Exchange Act and cease to be publicly traded.
 

-160-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 174/241

Table of Contents

Dividends and Distributions on Shares of MPC Common Stock

Any dividend or other distribution with respect to shares of MPC common stock for which shares of Andeavor common stock are to be exchanged
in connection with the first merger will not be paid (but will nevertheless accrue) until the certificates representing such shares of Andeavor common
stock (or affidavits of loss in lieu of such certificates), or, as applicable, untransferred book-entry shares representing such shares of Andeavor common
stock, are properly transferred for exchange in accordance with the merger agreement. Following the transfer of such book-entry shares or surrender of
any such certificates (or affidavits of loss in lieu of such certificates), there will be issued or paid in respect of each whole share of MPC common stock
into which the shares of Andeavor common stock represented by such book-entry shares, or affidavits of loss have been converted, without interest:
 

 
•  at the time of such transfer or surrender, as applicable, the dividends or other distributions with a record date after the effective time for the

first merger theretofore payable with respect to such whole shares of MPC common stock and not paid; and
 

 
•  at the appropriate payment date, the dividends and other distributions payable with respect to such whole shares of MPC common stock with

a record date after the effective time for the first merger and a payment date subsequent to the time of such transfer or surrender, as
applicable.

No holder of Andeavor certificates or book-entry shares that have been converted into cash consideration will be entitled to receive any such dividend or
other distribution in respect of such Andeavor certificates or book-entry shares.

Withholdings

Under the merger agreement, MPC, the surviving company or the exchange agent will be entitled to deduct and withhold from the consideration
otherwise payable to any former holder of Andeavor common stock such amounts as are required to be deducted and withheld with respect to the
payment of the per share merger consideration, as applicable, or the making of such payment under the Internal Revenue Code, or under any provision
of state, local or foreign tax law and will be entitled to make any required reporting regarding such payment to the appropriate taxing authority. Any
amount deducted or withheld under the merger agreement, and paid over to the appropriate taxing authority, will be treated as having been paid or
issued, as applicable, to the holder of Andeavor common stock in respect of which such deduction or withholding was made. Such withholding will be
made first from the cash otherwise payable to such holder prior to withholding from MPC common stock. In the case of any withholding from MPC
common stock, MPC will withhold an amount of MPC common stock having a fair market value equal to the withholding obligation to be satisfied with
such MPC common stock at the time such shares are withheld.

Appraisal Rights

Under the DGCL, subject to the closing of the merger, record holders of Andeavor common stock who do not vote in favor of the Andeavor
merger proposal and who otherwise properly exercise and perfect their appraisal rights in accordance with Section 262 of the DGCL will be entitled to
seek appraisal for, and obtain payment in cash for the judicially determined fair value of, their shares of Andeavor common stock, in lieu of receiving
the merger consideration. The “fair value” could be higher or lower than, or the same as, the merger consideration. Andeavor stockholders who wish to
exercise the right to seek an appraisal of their shares must so advise Andeavor by submitting a written demand for appraisal in the form described in this
joint proxy statement/prospectus prior to the vote on the approval of the Andeavor merger proposal at the Andeavor special meeting and must otherwise
follow the procedures prescribed by Section 262 of the DGCL. A person having a beneficial interest in shares of Andeavor common stock held of record
in the name of another person, such as a bank, broker or other nominee, must act promptly to cause the record holder to follow the steps summarized in
this joint proxy statement/prospectus in a timely manner to perfect appraisal rights.
 

-161-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 175/241

Table of Contents

The full text of Section 262 of the DGCL is attached as Annex E to this joint proxy statement/prospectus. Andeavor stockholders are encouraged
to read these provisions carefully and in their entirety. Moreover, due to the complexity of the procedures for exercising and perfecting the right to seek
appraisal, Andeavor stockholders who are considering exercising and perfecting that right are encouraged to seek the advice of legal counsel. Failure to
strictly comply with these provisions may result in a waiver of, or the inability to exercise, appraisal rights. For more information regarding appraisal
rights, see the section entitled “Appraisal Rights of Andeavor Stockholders” beginning on page 222.

Representations and Warranties

The merger agreement contains customary and, in certain cases, reciprocal, representations and warranties by Andeavor and MPC that are subject,
in some cases, to specified exceptions and qualifications contained in the merger agreement, in forms, statements, certifications, reports or other
documents filed with or furnished to the SEC by Andeavor or MPC, as applicable, from December 31, 2015 and prior to April 29, 2018 or in the
disclosure letters delivered by Andeavor and MPC to each other in connection with the merger agreement. These representations and warranties relate
to, among other things:
 

 •  organization, good standing and qualification to do business;
 

 •  capitalization, including regarding:
 

 
•  the number of shares of common stock, preferred stock and/or other capital stock of MPC and MPLX (or as applicable, Andeavor

and Andeavor Logistics) issued, outstanding and/or reserved for issuance;
 

 
•  the absence of securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for, or giving any person a right to subscribe for or acquire,

any securities of MPC and its subsidiaries (or as applicable Andeavor and its subsidiaries);
 

 

•  the absence of pre-emptive rights and other rights giving any persons the right to acquire, or requiring MPC or its subsidiaries (or as
applicable, Andeavor and its subsidiaries) to sell, any securities of MPC and its subsidiaries (or as applicable, Andeavor and its
subsidiaries) or any securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for, or giving any person a right to subscribe for or
acquire, any such securities;

 

 
•  the absence of obligations of MPC or its subsidiaries (or as applicable, Andeavor and its subsidiaries) to repurchase, redeem or

otherwise acquire any securities of it or its affiliates or any securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for, or giving
any person a right to subscribe for or acquire, any such securities;

 

 
•  the absence of any bonds, debentures, notes or other obligations the holders of which have the right to vote, or which are convertible

into or exercisable for securities having the right to vote with the stockholders of MPC and its subsidiaries (or as applicable,
Andeavor and its subsidiaries) on any matter;

 

 
•  the absence of any voting trusts or other agreements or understandings to which MPC or its subsidiaries (or as applicable, Andeavor

and its subsidiaries) is a party with respect to the voting of or restricting the transfer of its capital stock or other equity interests; and
 

 •  ownership of subsidiaries;
 

 
•  corporate authority and approval relating to the execution, delivery and performance of the merger agreement and the voting agreement,

including regarding the approval by the boards of MPC and Andeavor of the merger agreement, the voting agreement and the transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement and the voting agreement;

 

 
•  receipt by MPC (or as applicable, Andeavor) of a fairness opinion from its financial advisor regarding the fairness of the per share merger

consideration;
 

-162-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 176/241

Table of Contents

 
•  governmental notices, reports, filings, consents, registrations, approvals, permits and authorizations required in connection with the

execution, delivery and performance of the merger agreement and the voting agreement and the completion of the merger;
 

 
•  the absence of a breach or violation of, or default under MPC’s (or as applicable, Andeavor’s) organizational documents as a result of

entering into and performing under the merger agreement and the voting agreement;
 

 
•  the absence of any change in the rights or obligations under contracts to which it or any of its subsidiaries is subject as a result of its entering

into and performing under the merger agreement and the voting agreement;
 

 •  filings with the SEC since December 31, 2015 and the financial statements included therein;
 

 •  compliance with the NYSE rules and regulations;
 

 •  compliance with disclosure controls and procedures required under the Exchange Act and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002;
 

 

•  the conduct of business in the ordinary course consistent with past practice since December 31, 2017, and the absence since December 31,
2017 of changes in the financial condition, properties, assets, liabilities, business or results of operations or any circumstance, occurrence or
development of MPC and its subsidiaries (or as applicable, of Andeavor and its subsidiaries) that would have a “material adverse effect” (as
defined below);

 

 •  the absence of changes since December 31, 2017 in accounting methods and practices;
 

 
•  the absence of certain legal proceedings, investigations and governmental orders against MPC and its subsidiaries (or as applicable, against

Andeavor and its subsidiaries);
 

 •  the absence of certain undisclosed liabilities;
 

 
•  compliance with applicable laws, the absence of governmental investigations and the possession of and compliance with licenses and

permits necessary for the conduct of business;
 

 •  inapplicability of anti-takeover laws;
 

 •  tax matters;
 

 •  environmental matters;
 

 •  employee benefit plan and labor matters;
 

 •  intellectual property matters; and
 

 •  the absence of any undisclosed broker’s or finder’s fees.

The merger agreement also contains additional representations and warranties by Andeavor relating to the following, among other things:
 

 •  the number of and vesting schedule for Andeavor equity awards;
 

 •  insurance;
 

 •  certain material contracts;
 

 •  compliance with anti-corruption laws;
 

 •  hedging arrangements;
 

 •  real and personal property; and
 

 •  top 10 customers and top 10 suppliers.
 

-163-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 177/241

Table of Contents

The merger agreement also contains additional representations and warranties by MPC, Merger Sub 1 and Merger Sub 2 relating to the following,
among other things:
 

 •  the availability of funds; and
 

 •  the capitalization of Merger Sub 1 and Merger Sub 2.

Many of the representations and warranties contained in the merger agreement are qualified by a “parent material adverse effect” or a “company
material adverse effect” standard (that is, they would not be deemed untrue or incorrect unless their failure to be true and correct, individually or in the
aggregate, has had or would reasonably be expected to have, as applicable, a parent material adverse effect on MPC or a company material adverse
effect on Andeavor) and/or by a general materiality standard or by a knowledge standard.

A “parent material adverse effect” on MPC or a “company material adverse effect” on Andeavor, as applicable, means any fact, event, change,
circumstance or effect that, individually or in the aggregate with all other events, changes, circumstances or effects, is materially adverse to the assets,
properties, business, conditions (financial or otherwise) and/or results of operations of (with respect to the definition of a parent material adverse effect)
MPC and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (with respect to the definition of a company material adverse effect) Andeavor and its subsidiaries, taken
as a whole, excluding any effect to the extent resulting from any of the following:
 

 •  the announcement or (subject to certain exceptions) completion of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement;
 

 

•  any litigation brought by or on behalf of any current or former holder of shares of (with respect to the definition of parent material adverse
effect) MPC common stock or (with respect to the definition of company material adverse effect) Andeavor common stock, in their
capacities as such, arising from allegations of any breach of fiduciary duty or violation of law relating to the merger agreement or merger;
and

 

 

•  any action taken (or omitted to be taken) at the written request of (with respect to the definition of company material adverse effect) MPC or
(with respect to the definition of parent material adverse effect) Andeavor, or that is expressly required by the merger agreement, or the
failure to take any specific action expressly prohibited by the merger agreement for which (with respect to the definition of company
material adverse effect) MPC or (with respect to the definition of parent material adverse effect) Andeavor declined to consent.

The definitions of “company material adverse effect” and “parent material adverse effect” also exclude any effect to the extent resulting from any
of the following, provided that such exclusions will not prevent or otherwise affect a determination that any change, event, circumstance or development
underlying such matter has resulted in, or contributed to, a “company material adverse effect” or as applicable, a “parent material adverse effect”:
 

 
•  any failure by (with respect to the definition of parent material adverse effect) MPC and its subsidiaries or (with respect to the definition of

company material adverse effect) Andeavor and its subsidiaries to meet any estimates or projections of financial performance for any period
ending on or after the date of the merger agreement and prior to the closing; and

 

 
•  a decline in the price or trading volume of Andeavor common stock or the equity securities of any subsidiary of Andeavor (or as applicable,

of MPC common stock or the equity securities of any subsidiary of MPC) on the NYSE.

Except to the extent that they primarily relate only to, have the effect of primarily relating only to, or disproportionately adversely affect (with
respect to the definition of parent material adverse effect) MPC or its subsidiaries or (with respect to the definition of company material adverse effect)
Andeavor and its subsidiaries,
 

-164-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 178/241

Table of Contents

the following are also excluded from the definition of a “parent material adverse effect” or, as applicable, a “company material adverse effect”:
 

 
•  changes in the economy or financial markets generally in the United States or any other country or changes that are the results of acts of war,

sabotage or terrorism or of natural disasters;
 

 •  changes that are the result of factors generally affecting the petrochemical refining or pipeline industries;
 

 •  changes in law or in U.S. GAAP after the date of the merger agreement; and
 

 
•  changes in the price of natural gas, crude oil, refined petroleum products, other hydrocarbon products or natural gas liquids or products

produced from hydrocarbon products, natural gas liquids or crack spreads.

Interim Operations of Andeavor and MPC Pending the Merger

Under the terms of the merger agreement, Andeavor has agreed, subject to certain exceptions in the merger agreement and the disclosure letter it
delivered to MPC in connection with the merger agreement, that, after April 29, 2018 until the earlier of the effective time of the first merger and the
termination of the merger agreement, unless MPC gives its approval in writing (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed),
and except as otherwise expressly contemplated by the merger agreement or as required by applicable law:
 

 •  the business of Andeavor and its subsidiaries will be conducted in the ordinary and usual course; and
 

 

•  Andeavor and its subsidiaries will use their respective reasonable best efforts to preserve their business organizations intact and maintain
existing relations and goodwill with governmental entities, customers, suppliers, distributors, creditors, lessors, insurers, employees, unions
and business associates and keep available the services of its and its subsidiaries’ then-present officers, employees and agents and maintain
their material tangible assets in good working order.

In addition, Andeavor has agreed, subject to certain exceptions set forth in the merger agreement and the disclosure letter it delivered to MPC in
connection with the merger agreement, that, from April 29, 2018 until the earlier of the effective time of the first merger or the termination of the merger
agreement, except as otherwise expressly required by the merger agreement, as MPC may approve in writing (such approval not to be unreasonably
withheld, conditioned or delayed) Andeavor will not, and will not permit its subsidiaries to do the following, among other things:
 

 
•  amend its certificate of incorporation or bylaws or the applicable governing documents of any subsidiary or the terms of any security of

Andeavor or its subsidiaries;
 

 
•  merge or consolidate itself or any of its subsidiaries with any other person, restructure, reorganize or completely or partially liquidate or sell

or otherwise dispose of Andeavor’s interests in Andeavor Logistics, or in the general partner of Andeavor Logistics;
 

 

•  acquire securities or assets (i) that constitute a business; (ii) outside the ordinary course of business with a value or purchase price exceeding
$250 million in any transaction or series of related transactions (subject to exceptions for acquisitions pursuant to contracts already in effect
and disclosed to MPC); or (iii) in connection with dropdown transactions that have not been listed in the disclosure letter Andeavor
delivered to MPC in connection with the merger agreement (subject to exceptions for acquisitions pursuant to contracts already in effect and
disclosed to MPC);

 

 
•  issue, sell, pledge, dispose of, grant, transfer, or encumber shares of capital stock of Andeavor or any of its subsidiaries or securities

convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for any such shares of capital stock or any options, warrants or other rights of any kind to
acquire any shares of such capital stock or such convertible or exchangeable securities, subject to certain exceptions, including in

 
-165-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 179/241

Table of Contents

 
connection with issuances of Andeavor common stock or Andeavor Logistics common units in connection with equity award plans,
issuances of common units of Andeavor Logistics in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice (provided that such
issuance does not have as its purpose or effect a significant dilution of Andeavor’s equity interest in Andeavor Logistics);

 

 
•  make any loans, advances or capital contributions to or investments in any person in excess of $5 million in the aggregate, subject to certain

limited exceptions for trade credit and similar loans and advances made to employees, customers and suppliers in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice;

 

 

•  declare, set aside or pay any dividend or other distribution in respect of its capital stock, subject to certain exceptions, including for regular
quarterly cash dividends by Andeavor not in excess of $0.59 per share of Andeavor common stock per fiscal quarter and for cash
distributions by Andeavor Logistics to the holders of its common units at such times and in such amounts as is generally consistent with
Andeavor Logistics’ past practice;

 

 •  enter into any agreement with respect to the voting of its capital stock;
 

 
•  reclassify, split, combine, subdivide or redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire any of its capital stock or securities convertible or

exchangeable into or exercisable for any shares of its capital stock (subject to an exception for the withholding of shares of Andeavor
common stock to satisfy witholding tax obligations);

 

 

•  incur indebtedness for borrowed money, guarantee indebtedness for borrowed money of another person, or issue or sell debt securities,
warrants or other rights to acquire debt securities of Andeavor or any of its subsidiaries, except (i) for indebtedness for borrowed money
incurred in the ordinary course of business pursuant to Andeavor’s existing revolving, swingline or letter of credit facilities, (ii) certain
guarantees by Andeavor or its affiliates and (iii) in connection with certain derivative arrangements;

 

 
•  make or authorize capital expenditures, except for (i) capital expenditures that do not, in any calendar year, exceed the aggregate capital

expenditure amount for such year set forth in Andeavor’s disclosure letter, and (ii) additional capital expenditures that do not exceed
$75 million in the aggregate during any 12-month period;

 

 
•  adversely amend, adversely modify, terminate or waive any material right under certain types of “material contracts” (as defined in the

merger agreement) or, subject to certain exceptions, enter into any contract that would have been a material contract (as defined in the
merger agreement) if it had been entered into before the merger agreement was executed;

 

 
•  make any material changes with respect to accounting policies or procedures, except as required by changes in U.S. GAAP after the date of

the merger agreement, or any changes in its fiscal year, or any material changes in internal accounting controls or disclosure controls and
procedures that could reasonably be expected to negatively affect Andeavor or Andeavor Logistics;

 

 

•  settle, propose to settle or compromise any action before a governmental entity, if such settlement, proposed settlement or compromise
(i) involves the payment of money damages in excess of $15 million in the aggregate (together with all other settlements or compromises
after the date of the merger agreement), net of insurance, (ii) imposes any material equitable or non-monetary relief, penalty or restriction on
Andeavor or any of its subsidiaries or (iii) would reasonably be expected to affect the rights or defenses available to Andeavor or its
subsidiaries in certain related or similar claims;

 

 

•  make, change or rescind any material tax election, change or consent to any change in its or its subsidiaries’ material method of accounting
for tax purposes (except as required by applicable tax law), settle, compromise, concede or abandon any material tax liability, claim or
assessment, enter into any material closing agreement, waive or extend any statute of limitations with respect to material taxes or obtain any
material tax ruling;

 
-166-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 180/241

Table of Contents

 

•  transfer, sell, lease, license, surrender, divest, cancel, abandon or allow to lapse or expire or otherwise dispose of any of its material assets,
product lines or businesses or those of any of its subsidiaries, including any equity interests of any of its subsidiaries, subject to certain
limited exceptions including (i) in connection with goods or services provided in the ordinary course of business; (ii) sales of obsolete
assets, (iii) certain sales, leases, licenses or other dispositions of assets with a fair market value not in excess of $25 million in the aggregate,
(iv) certain dropdown transactions; (v) pursuant to certain contracts in effect prior to April 29, 2018; or (vi) non-exclusive licenses to
Andeavor intellectual property granted in the ordinary course of business;

 

 

•  except as required by applicable law, any Andeavor labor agreement(s) in effect as of April 29, 2018 or the terms of any Andeavor benefit
plan existing as of April 29, 2018, (i) increase in any manner the compensation or benefits of any current or former directors, officers,
employees, or independent contractors (who are natural persons) of Andeavor or its subsidiaries, (ii) without the prior consent of the Chief
Executive Officer of MPC, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, pay or award, or commit to pay or
award, any bonuses or incentive compensation, (iii) accelerate any rights or benefits under, or, other than in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice, make any material determinations or interpretations with respect to any Andeavor benefit plan, (iv) accelerate
the time of funding or payment of, or increase the amount required to fund, any Andeavor benefit plan, or fund any rabbi trust or similar
arrangement associated with or intended to satisfy liabilities under any Andeavor benefit plan, (v) forgive any loans, or issue any loans
(other than routine travel advances issued in the ordinary course of business) to any of its or its subsidiaries’ directors, officers, employees or
independent contractors, (vi) grant any new awards under any Andeavor benefit plan, (vii) enter into, establish, amend or terminate any
Andeavor benefit plan or any other agreement or arrangement which would be an Andeavor benefit plan if it were in effect on the date of
this Agreement other than as required by applicable Law, (viii) enter into, establish, amend, renegotiate or terminate any collective
bargaining agreement, (ix) hire any employee of Andeavor or any of its subsidiaries or engage any other individual to provide services to
Andeavor or any of its subsidiaries, other than the hiring of employees with base pay not in excess of $250,000, (x) without the prior consent
of the Chief Executive Officer of MPC, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, promote any employee
who is an officer to a position more senior than such employee’s position as of April 29, 2018, or promote a non-officer employee to an
officer position, or (xi) terminate the employment of any executive officer other than for cause;

 

 
•  effectuate a “plant closing” or “mass layoff” as those terms are defined in the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act and the

regulations promulgated thereunder; or
 

 •  agree, authorize or commit to do any of the above.

In addition, MPC has agreed, subject to certain exceptions set forth in the merger agreement and the disclosure letter it delivered to Andeavor in
connection with the merger agreement, and other than with respect to MPLX, that, from April 29, 2018 until the earlier of the completion of the first
merger and the termination of the merger agreement, except as otherwise expressly required by the merger agreement, or as Andeavor may approve in
writing (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) MPC will not, among other things:
 

 
•  amend its certificate of incorporation or bylaws or the applicable governing documents of any subsidiary or the terms of any security of

MPC;
 

 •  reclassify, split, combine, subdivide or redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire any of its capital stock;
 

 
•  declare, set aside or pay any dividend or other distribution in respect of its capital stock, subject to certain exceptions, including for regular

quarterly cash dividends by MPC not in excess of $0.46 per share of MPC common stock per fiscal quarter and MPC may give effect to
dividend equivalent rights with respect to grants under MPC stock plans;

 

 •  repurchase any shares of MPC common stock at a premium;
 

-167-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 181/241

Table of Contents

 
•  restructure, reorganize or completely or partially liquidate, subject to exceptions, including for any restructuring, reorganization or complete

or partial liquidation of MPLX;
 

 

•  acquire any person or any business or division thereof, or otherwise acquire any assets, unless such acquisition or the entering into of a
definitive agreement relating to or the completion of such transaction would not reasonably be expected to (i) impose any material delay in
the obtaining of, or increase in any material respect the risk of not obtaining, any authorizations, consents, orders, declarations or approvals
of any governmental entity necessary to complete the merger or the expiration or termination of any applicable waiting or approval period,
(ii) increase the risk in any material respect of any governmental entity entering an order prohibiting the completion of the merger or
(iii) increase in any material respect the risk of not being able to remove any such order on appeal or otherwise;

 

 

•  issue, sell, pledge, dispose of, grant, transfer, or encumber shares of capital stock of MPC or any of its subsidiaries or securities convertible
into or exchangeable or exercisable for any such shares of capital stock or any options, warrants or other rights of any kind to acquire any
shares of such capital stock or such convertible or exchangeable securities, subject to certain exceptions, including in connection with
issuances of MPC common stock in connection with equity award plans, issuances of securities of a subsidiary to MPC or any other MPC
subsidiary and certain grants of new equity awards; or

 

 •  agree, authorize or commit to do any of the above.

Andeavor has also agreed that prior to making any written communications generally disseminated to the employees of Andeavor or its
subsidiaries pertaining to compensation, benefit or other matters related to the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, it will provide MPC
with a reasonable period of time to review and comment on the communication, and Andeavor and MPC will cooperate in providing any such mutually
agreeable communication.

Non-Solicitation of Acquisition Proposals; Changes of Recommendation

Non-Solicitation

The merger agreement contains detailed provisions outlining the circumstances in which MPC and Andeavor may respond to acquisition
proposals received from third parties. Under these provisions, each of MPC and Andeavor has agreed that it and its subsidiaries will not (and that it and
its subsidiaries will cause their subsidiaries and their and their subsidiaries’ respective officers, directors, employees, investment bankers, attorneys,
accountants and other advisors or representatives, collectively referred to as representatives, not to), directly or indirectly:
 

 
•  initiate, solicit or knowingly encourage or facilitate the making of any proposal or offer that constitutes, or would reasonably be expected to

lead to, an “acquisition proposal” (as described below);
 

 
•  participate in any discussions or negotiations relating to, or that would reasonably be expected to lead to, an acquisition proposal, with any

third party that is reasonably likely to be considering or seeking to make, or has made since April 29, 2017, an acquisition proposal;
 

 
•  make available to any third party that is reasonably likely to be considering or seeking to make, or has made since April 29, 2017, an

acquisition proposal, any non-public information or data relating to, or that would reasonably be expected to lead to, an acquisition proposal;
or

 

 •  enter into any contract relating to, or that would reasonably be expected to lead to, an acquisition proposal.

Notwithstanding the above restrictions, MPC and Andeavor and their respective representatives are permitted to seek to clarify the terms and
conditions of any inquiry or proposal to determine whether it constitutes a bona fide acquisition proposal (as defined below) and are permitted to inform
third parties making
 

-168-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 182/241

Table of Contents

acquisition proposals of the restrictions imposed by the “no shop” or “non-solicitation” provisions of the merger agreement.

Each of MPC and Andeavor is required not to, and is required to cause its subsidiaries not to, terminate, waive, amend, release or modify any
standstill or other similar provision of any confidentiality agreement to which they are a party in connection with an acquisition proposal or other
proposal, inquiry or offer that would reasonably be expected to lead to an acquisition proposal, and is required to enforce the provisions of any such
confidentiality agreements to the fullest extent permitted under the law, except in each case if its board of directors determines in good faith, after
consultation with its outside legal counsel, that the failure to take such action would be reasonably likely to be inconsistent with its fiduciary duties
under Delaware law.

MPC Restrictions on Changes of Recommendation

Subject to certain exceptions described below, the MPC board (and each committee thereof) may not:
 

 •  fail to include in this joint proxy statement/prospectus its recommendation that MPC stockholders approve the MPC issuance proposal;
 

 
•  withhold or withdraw, or directly or indirectly qualify or modify in a manner that is adverse to Andeavor, its recommendation that MPC

stockholders approve the MPC issuance proposal, or its approval of the merger agreement or the merger, or publicly propose to do so;
 

 

•  make any public recommendation in connection with a tender offer or exchange offer other than a recommendation against such offer or a
“stop, look and listen” communication of the type contemplated by Rule 14d-9(f) under the Exchange Act or fail to recommend against
acceptance of such tender or exchange offer by close of business on the earlier of the 10th business day after the commencement of such
offer and the second business day prior to the MPC special meeting;

 

 
•  adopt, approve, recommend to its stockholders, endorse or otherwise declare advisable any acquisition proposal for MPC, or resolve, agree

or publicly propose to do so, except as set forth below; or
 

 

•  except with respect to tender and exchange offers (discussed above), fail to publicly reaffirm its recommendation that MPC stockholders
approve the MPC issuance proposal within three business days following receipt of a written notice from Andeavor requesting such
reaffirmation delivered after the public announcement of an acquisition proposal for MPC has become publicly known (or if earlier, by the
date that is two business days prior to the MPC special meeting).

The taking of any of the actions described in any of the five bullets above is referred to as an adverse MPC recommendation change.

Andeavor Restrictions on Changes of Recommendation

Similarly, and subject to certain exceptions described below, the Andeavor board (and each committee thereof) may not:
 

 
•  fail to include in this joint proxy statement/prospectus its recommendation that Andeavor stockholders approve the Andeavor merger

proposal;
 

 
•  withhold or withdraw, or directly or indirectly qualify or modify in a manner that is adverse to MPC, Merger Sub 1 or Merger Sub 2, its

recommendation that Andeavor stockholders approve the Andeavor merger proposal, or its approval of the merger agreement or the merger,
or publicly propose to do so;

 

 

•  make any public recommendation in connection with a tender offer or exchange offer other than a recommendation against such offer or a
“stop, look and listen” communication of the type contemplated by Rule 14d-9(f) under the Exchange Act or fail to recommend against
acceptance of such tender or exchange offer by close of business on the earlier of the 10th business day after the commencement of such
offer and the second business day prior to the Andeavor special meeting;

 
-169-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 183/241

Table of Contents

 
•  adopt, approve, recommend to its stockholders, endorse or otherwise declare advisable any acquisition proposal for Andeavor, or resolve,

agree or publicly propose to do so, except as set forth below; or
 

 

•  except with respect to tender and exchange offers (discussed above), fail to publicly reaffirm its recommendation that Andeavor
stockholders approve the Andeavor merger proposal within three business days following receipt of a written notice from MPC requesting
such reaffirmation delivered after the public announcement of an acquisition proposal for Andeavor has become publicly known (or if
earlier, by the date that is two business days prior to the Andeavor special meeting).

The taking of any of the actions described in any of the five bullets above is referred to as an adverse Andeavor recommendation change.

MPC: No-Shop Exceptions; Permitted Changes of Recommendation and Permitted Termination to Enter into a Superior Proposal

At any time prior to the time that the MPC issuance proposal has been approved by MPC stockholders, if MPC receives a bona fide acquisition
proposal that did not result from a breach of the no-shop provisions of the merger agreement, MPC may take any of the following actions if the MPC
board determines in good faith (after consultation with outside counsel where required by the merger agreement) that failure to take such actions would
be inconsistent with their fiduciary duties under Delaware law:
 

 

•  engage in negotiations or discussions with the third party making the acquisition proposal, furnish to such third party or its representatives
information relating to it and its subsidiaries, and afford such third party and its representatives access to its and its subsidiaries’ business,
properties, assets, books and records pursuant to a confidentiality agreement with confidentiality terms that are no less restrictive, in the
aggregate, than those contained in the confidentiality agreement between Andeavor and MPC; provided that the MPC board determines,
after consultation with its outside legal counsel and financial advisor, that the acquisition proposal constitutes a “superior proposal.” MPC
and its subsidiaries are required to, and to cause their representatives to, terminate any such permitted negotiations, discussion and
information access promptly (and in any event within 24 hours) following the time that the MPC board determines in good faith that the
acquisition proposal does not constitute and would not reasonably be expected to result in a superior proposal; and

 

 

•  (1) make an adverse MPC recommendation change in respect of an acquisition proposal, or (2) terminate the merger agreement, pay the
reverse termination fee and enter into an alternative acquisition agreement with respect to an acquisition proposal, if (i) the MPC board
determines in good faith, after consultation with its outside counsel and financial advisor that such acquisition proposal constitutes a
superior proposal and (ii) the MPC board complied with the match right obligations described below.

Prior to effecting an adverse MPC recommendation change or terminating the merger agreement in the situation described in the immediately
preceding bullet, MPC is required to comply with certain “match right” obligations. Specifically, the MPC board must (i) have given Andeavor four
business days’ notice of its intention to make such an adverse MPC recommendation change or so terminate the merger agreement and include certain
specified information in such notice, (ii) have negotiated in good faith with Andeavor (to the extent Andeavor so wished to negotiate) during that four
business day period concerning any revisions to the merger agreement and voting agreement proposed by Andeavor and (iii) following such
negotiations, have determined that a failure to effect such an adverse MPC recommendation change or so terminate the merger agreement in response to
the superior proposal, taking into account any changes committed by Andeavor in writing to be made to the merger agreement and the voting agreement,
continues to be inconsistent with the fiduciary duties of the MPC board under Delaware law. The four business day match right period described above
will be renewed for further three business day periods each time any revisions are made to the financial or other material terms of the superior proposal
that is the subject of the match right obligation.
 

-170-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 184/241

Table of Contents

MPC: Permitted Changes of Recommendation in Connection with Intervening Events

At any time prior to the time that the MPC issuance proposal has been approved by MPC stockholders, if an MPC intervening event (as defined
below) occurs and the MPC board determines in good faith, after consultation with its outside legal counsel and financial advisor, that the failure to
effect an adverse MPC recommendation change in response to such MPC intervening event would be inconsistent with its fiduciary duties under
Delaware law, the MPC board may make an adverse MPC recommendation change in response to such MPC intervening event provided that the
following procedures are complied with. In order to effect an adverse MPC recommendation change in response to an MPC intervening event, the MPC
board must (i) have given Andeavor four business days’ notice of such intention, (ii) have negotiated in good faith with Andeavor (to the extent
Andeavor so wished to negotiate) during that four business day period concerning any revisions to the merger agreement and voting agreement proposed
by Andeavor and (iii) following such negotiations, have determined that a failure to effect an adverse MPC recommendation change in response to the
MPC intervening event, taking into account any changes committed by Andeavor in writing to be made to the merger agreement and the voting
agreement, continues to be inconsistent with the fiduciary duties of the MPC board under Delaware law.

An “MPC intervening event” is any material change, development or occurrence that (i) first became known to the MPC board after April 29,
2018 and was not reasonably foreseeable by the MPC board as of April 29, 2018 or (ii) if known (or reasonably foreseeable) as of April 29, 2018, the
consequences of such change, development or occurrence were not known to or reasonably foreseeable by the MPC board as of April 29, 2018. Certain
matters are specifically excluded from being MPC intervening events, as further specified in the merger agreement, including the receipt, existence or
terms of any acquisition proposal or any change in the price and/or trading volume of Andeavor common stock, MPC common stock or the equity of
any subsidiary of Andeavor or MPC on the NYSE. In addition, an opportunity to acquire any assets, securities, properties or businesses, or enter into
any licensing, collaboration or similar arrangement, will not constitute or be deemed to contribute to or otherwise be taken into account in determining
whether there has been an MPC intervening event.

Andeavor: No-Shop Exceptions; Permitted Changes of Recommendation and Permitted Termination to Enter into a Superior Proposal

At any time prior to the time that the Andeavor merger proposal has been approved by Andeavor stockholders, if Andeavor receives a bona fide
acquisition proposal that did not result from a breach of the no-shop provisions of the merger agreement, Andeavor may take any of the following
actions if its board of directors determines in good faith (after consultation with outside counsel where required by the merger agreement) that failure to
take such actions would be inconsistent with their fiduciary duties under Delaware law:
 

 

•  engage in negotiations or discussions with the third party making the acquisition proposal, furnish to such third party or its representatives
information relating to it and its subsidiaries, and afford such third party and its representatives access to its and its subsidiaries’ business,
properties, assets, books and records pursuant to a confidentiality agreement with confidentiality terms that are no less restrictive, in the
aggregate, than those contained in the confidentiality agreement between Andeavor and MPC; provided that the Andeavor board determines,
after consultation with its outside legal counsel and financial advisor, that the acquisition proposal constitutes a “superior proposal.”
Andeavor and its subsidiaries are required to, and to cause their representatives to, terminate any such permitted negotiations, discussion and
information access promptly (and in any event within 24 hours) following the time that the Andeavor board determines in good faith that the
acquisition proposal does not constitute and would not reasonably be expected to result in a superior proposal; and

 

 

•  (1) make an adverse Andeavor recommendation change in respect of an acquisition proposal, or (2) terminate the merger agreement, pay the
termination fee and enter into an alternative acquisition agreement with respect to an acquisition proposal, if (i) the Andeavor board
determines in good faith, after consultation with its outside counsel and financial advisor that such acquisition proposal constitutes a
superior proposal and (ii) the Andeavor board has complied with the match right obligations described below.

 
-171-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 185/241

Table of Contents

Prior to effecting an adverse Andeavor recommendation change or terminating the merger agreement in the situation described in the immediately
preceding bullet, Andeavor is required to comply with certain “match right” obligations. Specifically, the Andeavor board must (i) have given MPC four
business days’ notice of its intention to make such an adverse Andeavor recommendation change or so terminate the merger agreement and include
certain specified information in such notice, (ii) have negotiated in good faith with MPC (to the extent MPC so wished to negotiate) during that four
business day period concerning any revisions to the merger agreement and voting agreement proposed by MPC and (iii) following such negotiations,
have determined that a failure to effect such an adverse Andeavor recommendation change or so terminate the merger agreement in response to the
superior proposal, taking into account any changes committed by MPC in writing to be made to the merger agreement and the voting agreement,
continues to be inconsistent with the fiduciary duties of the Andeavor board under Delaware law. The four business day match right period described
above will be renewed for further three business day periods each time any revisions are made to the financial or other material terms of the superior
proposal that is the subject of the match right obligation.

Andeavor: Permitted Changes of Recommendation in Connection with Intervening Events

At any time prior to the time that the Andeavor merger proposal has been approved by Andeavor stockholders, if an Andeavor intervening event
(as defined below) occurs and the Andeavor board determines in good faith, after consultation with its outside legal counsel and financial advisor, that
the failure to effect an adverse Andeavor recommendation change in response to such Andeavor intervening event would be inconsistent with its
fiduciary duties under Delaware law, the Andeavor board may make an adverse Andeavor recommendation change in response to such Andeavor
intervening event provided that the following procedures are complied with. In order to effect an adverse Andeavor recommendation change in response
to an Andeavor intervening event, the Andeavor board must (i) have given MPC four business days’ notice of such intention, (ii) have negotiated in
good faith with MPC (to the extent MPC so wished to negotiate) during that four business day period concerning any revisions to the merger agreement
and voting agreement proposed by MPC and (iii) following such negotiations, have determined that a failure to effect an adverse Andeavor
recommendation change in response to the Andeavor intervening event, taking into account any changes committed in writing to be made to the merger
agreement and the voting agreement, continues to be inconsistent with the fiduciary duties of the Andeavor board under Delaware law.

An “Andeavor intervening event” is any material change, development or occurrence that (i) first became known to the Andeavor board after
April 29, 2018 and was not reasonably foreseeable by the Andeavor board as of April 29, 2018 or (ii) if known (or reasonably foreseeable) as of
April 29, 2018, the consequences of such change, development or occurrence were not known to or reasonably foreseeable by the Andeavor board as of
April 29, 2018. Certain matters are specifically excluded from being Andeavor intervening events, as further specified in the merger agreement,
including the receipt, existence or terms of any acquisition proposal or any change in the price and/or trading volume of Andeavor common stock, MPC
common stock or the equity of any subsidiary of Andeavor or MPC on the NYSE.

Certain Permitted Disclosure

Nothing in the merger agreement prevents Andeavor or MPC or either of their boards of directors from taking and disclosing to its stockholders a
position contemplated by applicable Exchange Act rules with regard to an acquisition proposal or from making any legally required disclosure to
stockholders with regard to the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement; however, if such disclosure does not reaffirm, in the case of MPC,
MPC’s recommendation that its stockholders vote in favor of the MPC issuance proposal or, in the case of Andeavor, Andeavor’s recommendation that
its stockholders vote in favor of the Andeavor merger proposal, such disclosure will be deemed to be an adverse MPC recommendation change, or as
applicable, an adverse Andeavor recommendation change, and the other party will have the right to terminate the merger agreement in connection with
such change of recommendation.
 

-172-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 186/241

Table of Contents

Definition of Acquisition Proposal

For purposes of the merger agreement, the term “acquisition proposal” means, with respect to MPC:
 

 
•  any proposal or offer from any third party with respect to a merger, joint venture, partnership, consolidation, dissolution, liquidation, tender

offer, recapitalization, reorganization, share exchange, business combination or similar transaction involving MPC and/or its subsidiaries
with respect to assets that constitute 50% or more of the assets, revenues or net income of MPC and/or its subsidiaries, taken as a whole;

 

 

•  any acquisition by a third party resulting in, or proposal or offer (including any tender offer or exchange offer) from a third party that if
consummated would result in, a third party becoming the beneficial owner of, directly or indirectly, in one transaction or a series of related
transactions, 50% or more of the consolidated total assets (including equity securities of MPC’s subsidiaries, as applicable), revenues or net
income of MPC; or

 

 
•  any acquisition by a third party resulting in, or proposal or offer (including any tender offer or exchange offer) from a third party that if

consummated would result in, a third party becoming the beneficial owner of, directly or indirectly, in one transaction or a series of related
transactions, 50% or more of the total voting power of, or of any class of, equity securities of MPC or any of its subsidiaries.

Proposals and offers with respect to dropdown transactions or incentive distribution right buybacks between MPC or any of its subsidiaries on the
one hand and MPLX and its subsidiaries on the other hand, are deemed not to be acquisition proposals.

For purposes of the merger agreement, the term “acquisition proposal” means, with respect to Andeavor:
 

 

•  any proposal or offer from any third party with respect to a merger, joint venture, partnership, consolidation, dissolution, liquidation, tender
offer, recapitalization, reorganization, share exchange, business combination or similar transaction involving Andeavor and/or its
subsidiaries with respect to assets that constitute 15% or more of the assets, revenues or net income of Andeavor and/or its subsidiaries,
taken as a whole;

 

 

•  any acquisition by a third party resulting in, or proposal or offer (including any tender offer or exchange offer) from a third party that if
consummated would result in, a third party becoming the beneficial owner of, directly or indirectly, in one transaction or a series of related
transactions, 15% or more of the consolidated total assets (including equity securities of Andeavor’s subsidiaries, as applicable), revenues or
net income of Andeavor; or

 

 
•  any acquisition by a third party resulting in, or proposal or offer (including any tender offer or exchange offer) from a third party that if

consummated would result in, a third party becoming the beneficial owner of, directly or indirectly, in one transaction or a series of related
transactions, 15% more of the total voting power of, or of any class of, equity securities of Andeavor or any of its subsidiaries.

Proposals and offers with respect to dropdown transactions between Andeavor or any of its subsidiaries on the one hand and Andeavor Logistics
or any of its subsidiaries on the other hand, are deemed not to be acquisition proposals.

Definition of Superior Proposal

For purposes of the merger agreement, the term “superior proposal” means a bona fide written acquisition proposal not solicited in violation of the
“no-shop” provisions of the merger agreement that the Andeavor board or the MPC board, as applicable, has determined in its good faith judgment, after
consultation with its outside legal counsel and financial advisor, (i) is reasonably capable of being consummated in accordance with its terms
 

-173-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 187/241

Table of Contents

and (ii) if consummated, would be more favorable to its stockholders from a financial point of view than the transaction contemplated by the merger
agreement, taking into account any revisions to the merger agreement and the voting agreement committed to in writing by the other party to the merger
agreement.

In determining whether an acquisition proposal is more favorable to its stockholders for purposes of the preceding paragraph, the Andeavor board
and/or the MPC board, as applicable, is required to take into account:
 

 
•  the terms and conditions of the acquisition proposal and all other relevant factors (including all legal, financial and regulatory aspects of the

acquisition proposal and the person making the acquisition proposal); and
 

 •  the certainty of completion and the time likely to be required to consummate such acquisition proposal.

For purposes of determining whether an acquisition proposal is a superior proposal, only acquisition proposals involving (i) 66% of more of the
assets, revenues or net income of Andeavor and its subsidiaries (or as applicable, MPC or its subsidiaries) or (ii) 66% or more of the total voting power
of, or of any class of equity securities of, Andeavor or its subsidiaries (or as applicable, MPC or its subsidiaries) may be considered.

Notice

Under the terms of the merger agreement, each of MPC and Andeavor has also agreed to notify the other promptly (but in no event later than 24
hours) after receipt by it (or any of its representatives) of any (i) acquisition proposal, (ii) inquiry, proposal or offer that would reasonably be expected to
lead to an acquisition proposal or (iii) request for information relating to such party or any of its subsidiaries or for access to the business, properties,
assets, books or records of such party or any of its subsidiaries, in each case by any person that is reasonably likely to be considering or seeking to make,
or has made within the 12 months preceding April 29, 2018, an MPC acquisition proposal or an Andeavor acquisition proposal, as applicable. Such
notice must include the material terms and conditions of the applicable acquisition proposal, inquiry, proposal, offer or request, copies of any material
written communications and draft documentation received relating to such acquisition proposal and indicating the name of the person making such
acquisition proposal, inquiry, proposal, offer or request, and thereafter the notifying party will keep the other party reasonably informed, on a timely
basis, of the status and material terms of any such acquisition proposal, inquiry, proposal, offer or request (including any amendments thereto) and the
status of any discussions or negotiations with such third party or its representatives and provide copies of all material written communications and draft
documentation received relating to such acquisition proposal.

Special Meetings

MPC Special Meeting

MPC has agreed to convene and hold a meeting of its stockholders to consider and vote upon the MPC issuance proposal as soon as reasonably
practicable, but in any event within 35 calendar days, after the commencement of mailing of this joint proxy statement/prospectus. MPC may make one
or more postponements or adjournments of the MPC special meeting to the extent that MPC believes in good faith that such a postponement or
adjournment is reasonably necessary to ensure that any required supplement or amendment to this joint proxy statement/prospectus is provided to MPC
stockholders within a reasonable amount of time in advance of the MPC special meeting, to allow reasonable time to solicit additional proxies necessary
to obtain the approval of the MPC issuance proposal from MPC stockholders (subject to an 11 business day limit in connection with any individual
commencement of an MPC acquisition proposal that is a tender offer or an exchange offer), to ensure that there are sufficient shares of MPC common
stock represented (either in person or by proxy) and voting to constitute a quorum necessary to conduct the business of the MPC special meeting or
otherwise where required to comply with applicable law. The MPC special meeting must be held even if there is an adverse MPC recommendation
change or an adverse Andeavor recommendation change, unless the merger
 

-174-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 188/241

Table of Contents

agreement has been terminated. Unless there has been an adverse MPC recommendation change, the MPC board is required to take all lawful action
necessary, proper or advisable on its part to solicit the approval by MPC stockholders of the MPC issuance proposal, the MPC authorized stock COI
amendment proposal and the MPC board size COI amendment.

Andeavor Special Meeting

Andeavor has agreed to convene and hold a meeting of its stockholders to consider and vote upon the Andeavor merger proposal as soon as
reasonably practicable, but in any event within 35 calendar days, after the commencement of mailing of this joint proxy statement/prospectus. Andeavor
may make one or more postponements or adjournments of the Andeavor special meeting to the extent that Andeavor believes in good faith that such a
postponement or adjournment is reasonably necessary to ensure that any required supplement or amendment to this joint proxy statement/prospectus is
provided to Andeavor stockholders within a reasonable amount of time in advance of the Andeavor special meeting, to allow reasonable time to solicit
additional proxies necessary to obtain the approval of the Andeavor merger proposal from Andeavor stockholders (subject to an 11 business day limit in
connection with any individual commencement of an Andeavor acquisition proposal that is a tender offer or an exchange offer), to ensure that there are
sufficient shares of Andeavor common stock represented (either in person or by proxy) and voting to constitute a quorum necessary to conduct the
business of the Andeavor special meeting or otherwise where required to comply with applicable law. The Andeavor special meeting must be held even
if there is an adverse Andeavor recommendation change or an adverse MPC recommendation change, unless the merger agreement has been terminated.
Unless there has been an adverse Andeavor recommendation change, the Andeavor board is required to take all lawful action necessary, proper or
advisable on its part to solicit the approval by Andeavor stockholders of the Andeavor merger proposal.

Timing of Special Meetings

Under the terms of the merger agreement, MPC and Andeavor are required to cooperate to schedule and convene the MPC special meeting and the
Andeavor special meeting on the same day, and to establish the same record date for both the MPC special meeting and the Andeavor special meeting.

Reasonable Best Efforts; Regulatory Filings and Other Actions

Reasonable Best Efforts

MPC and Andeavor have agreed in the merger agreement to cooperate with each other and use (and cause their respective subsidiaries to use) their
respective reasonable best efforts to take all actions reasonably necessary, proper or advisable on their respective parts under the merger agreement and
applicable laws to complete and make effective the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement as soon as practicable,
including preparing and filing as promptly as practicable all documentation to effect all necessary notices, reports and other filings and to obtain as
promptly as practicable all consents, registrations, approvals, permits and authorizations necessary or advisable to be obtained from any third party
and/or any governmental entity in order to complete the merger or any other transaction contemplated by the merger agreement, including filing a
Notice and Report Form with the FTC and the Antitrust Division of the DOJ under the HSR Act, as amended. The initial HSR Act filing will be made as
promptly as reasonably practicable. The merger agreement also states that Andeavor, at the request of MPC, will, on a one-time basis, agree to extend
the waiting period with respect to the merger under the HSR Act for up to 30 days and/or pull and promptly refile the HSR Act notice and report forms
filed in respect of the merger.

Burdensome Condition

The parties have agreed that nothing in the merger agreement, including the reasonable best efforts obligation mentioned above, requires or will be
construed to require MPC to agree to or to take an action (or
 

-175-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 189/241

Table of Contents

consent to Andeavor or any Andeavor subsidiary agreeing to take, or taking, any action) that would constitute a burdensome condition. A “burdensome
condition” includes any terms, conditions, liabilities, obligations or commitments that would obligate or require MPC, Andeavor or any of their
respective subsidiaries to agree to sell, divest, lease, license, transfer, dispose of or otherwise encumber or hold separate, any assets, licenses, operations,
rights, product lines, businesses or interest therein, or agree to any material changes (including through a licensing arrangement) or restriction on, or
other impairment of MPC’s or Andeavor’s ability to own or operate, any assets, licenses, operations, rights, product lines, businesses or interest therein
of MPC, Andeavor or any of their respective subsidiaries, if doing so would cause MPC or Andeavor to take, or cause to be taken, or commit to take, or
commit to cause to be taken, any such action that relates to assets, businesses or product lines of Andeavor or of MPC, representing, in the aggregate,
revenue in excess of $100 million.

Andeavor may not take or agree to take any action constituting a burdensome condition without MPC’s written consent, which may be granted or
withheld in MPC’s sole discretion; however, Andeavor has agreed to take such actions if MPC so requests in writing, to the extent the taking of such
action is conditioned upon the occurrence of the merger.

Litigation

The parties have agreed that nothing in the merger agreement requires or will be construed to require, MPC or any of its affiliates to defend any
litigation or any similar proceeding if the DOJ or the FTC authorizes its staff to seek a preliminary injunction or a restraining order to enjoin the
completion of the merger. MPC has agreed that if it chooses to defend any litigation brought by the FTC, the Antitrust Division of the DOJ or any state
attorney general in connection with their review of the merger, it will reimburse Andeavor for any reasonable and documented expenses and costs
(including out-of-pocket auditor’s and attorney’s fees and expenses) incurred in connection with the involvement of Andeavor or its subsidiaries or
representatives with such litigation.

Control and Information Sharing

The merger agreement gives MPC the right to direct all matters with any governmental entity in connection with the merger agreement, the
merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, subject to applicable law and certain consultation obligations.

In addition, subject to certain exceptions specified in the merger agreement, Andeavor and MPC have agreed to keep each other apprised of the
status of matters relating to completion of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement and to furnish each other, upon request, with all
information concerning itself, its subsidiaries, affiliates, directors, officers and stockholders and such other matters as may be reasonably necessary or
advisable in connection with any statement, filing, notice or application made by or on behalf of MPC, Andeavor, or their respective subsidiaries to any
third party and/or governmental entity in connection with the merger and other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

Takeover Laws

MPC and Andeavor have agreed in the merger agreement that if any takeover statute is or may become applicable to the merger or the other
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement or the voting agreement, each of them and their respective boards will grant such approvals and take
such actions as are necessary so that such transactions may be completed as promptly as practicable on the terms contemplated by the merger agreement
and the voting agreement and otherwise act to eliminate (or to the extent elimination is not possible, to minimize) the effects of such statute or regulation
on such transactions.

Employee Matters

The merger agreement provides that during the period commencing at the effective time of the first merger until the one-year anniversary of the
effective time of the first merger, MPC will provide to each employee who
 

-176-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 190/241

Table of Contents

is employed by Andeavor or its subsidiaries as of the effective time of the first merger, who is referred to as a company employee, for so long as the
company employee remains employed by MPC or the surviving company during such one-year period, with base salary or regular hourly wage and a
target annual cash bonus opportunity which are, in the aggregate, no less favorable than the base salary or regular hourly wage and target annual cash
bonus opportunity provided to the company employee immediately prior to the effective time of the first merger. Additionally, MPC will provide each
company employee severance, retirement and welfare benefits that are comparable in the aggregate to those provided to the company employee
immediately prior to the effective time of the first merger; provided, however, that such requirements will not apply to company employees who are
covered by an Andeavor labor agreement.

For purposes of vesting, eligibility to participate, benefit entitlement and level of benefits under MPC’s benefit plans providing benefits to any
company employees after the effective time of the first merger, each company employee will be credited with his or her years of service with Andeavor
and its subsidiaries immediately prior to the effective time of the first merger to the extent such service was recognized by Andeavor and its subsidiaries
under any similar Andeavor benefit plan in which the company employee participated or was eligible to participate immediately prior to the effective
time of the first merger, except to the extent such credit would result in a duplication of benefits. In addition, to the extent such company employee is
eligible to participate in a new plan, MPC will use commercially reasonable efforts (including by directing its third party insurance providers or third
party administrators) to waive any waiting time in any and all new plans of the same type as any Andeavor benefit plans in which such company
employee participated immediately before the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement and for purposes of each new
plan providing medical, dental, pharmaceutical and/or vision benefits to any company employee, MPC will use commercially reasonable efforts to cause
all pre-existing condition exclusions and actively-at-work requirements to be waived for such company employee and his or her covered dependents,
unless such conditions would not have been waived under the comparable plans of Andeavor or its subsidiaries in which such company employee
participated immediately prior to the effective time of the first merger. MPC will use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the company employee to
be given credit for amounts paid prior to the effective time of the first merger during the year in which the effective time occurs under a corresponding
old plan during the same period for purposes of satisfying all deductible, coinsurance and maximum out-of-pocket requirements applicable to such
company employee and his or her covered dependents as though such amounts had been paid in accordance with the terms and conditions of the new
plan.

MPC acknowledged in the merger agreement that the mergers will be a “change in control” for purposes of Andeavor’s benefit plans and agreed
that MPC will honor all employee benefit obligations to current and former employees under Andeavor’s benefit plans in accordance with their terms.

If requested in writing by MPC at least 10 business days prior to the effective time of the first merger, Andeavor will terminate Andeavor’s 401(k)
plan. In the event that MPC requests that such plan be terminated, MPC will permit each eligible company employee to become a participant in an
“eligible retirement plan” (within the meaning of Section 401(a)(31) of the Internal Revenue Code, including all participant loans) of MPC or any of its
subsidiaries, which is referred to as the MPC 401(k) Plan, and make rollover contributions of “eligible rollover distributions” (within the meaning of
Section 401(a)(31) of the Internal Revenue Code) in cash or notes in an amount equal to the eligible rollover distribution portion of the account balance
distributed to each such company employee from such plan to the MPC 401(k) Plan.

Transaction Litigation

Under the terms of the merger agreement, Andeavor will control the defense and settlement of any litigation or other legal proceedings against
Andeavor or any of its directors relating to the merger agreement, the merger, or other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, except that
Andeavor is required to give MPC the opportunity to participate in Andeavor’s defense or settlement of any stockholder litigation against Andeavor
and/or its directors or executive officers relating to the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement,
 

-177-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 191/241

Table of Contents

including the merger. Andeavor has agreed that it will not settle or offer to settle any litigation commenced against Andeavor or its directors, executive
officers or similar persons by any stockholder of Andeavor relating to the merger agreement, the merger, or any other transaction contemplated by the
merger agreement without the prior written consent of MPC, which may not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.

Access and Reports

Subject to certain exceptions, and upon reasonable notice, Andeavor has agreed to afford MPC and MPC’s representatives reasonable access to all
of its and its subsidiaries’ employees, properties, assets, books, contracts and records during normal business hours throughout the period prior to the
effective time of the first merger, and to furnish promptly to MPC (i) for each month following April 29, 2018 and the closing, internally generated
unaudited monthly financial statements, including cash flow statements and (ii) all information concerning its business, properties and personnel as may
reasonably be requested.

Election to MPC Board of Directors

Under the terms of the merger agreement, upon approval by the MPC stockholders of the MPC board size COI amendment and promptly after the
effective time of the first merger, MPC will increase the size of the MPC board and will cause four current members of the Andeavor board who will be
identified by Andeavor between April 29, 2018 and prior to the closing date to be appointed to the MPC board on the closing date in director classes to
be agreed by the parties between April 29, 2018 and the closing date and, subject to fiduciary obligations under applicable law, will use its reasonable
best efforts to cause such individuals to be elected to the MPC board in accordance with MPC’s certificate of incorporation or bylaws or other governing
documents at the first annual meeting of stockholders of MPC at which such director is eligible for election with a proxy mailing date after the effective
time. If the MPC board size COI amendment proposal is not approved by MPC stockholders at the MPC special meeting, at the effective time, MPC will
cause a sufficient number of directors on the MPC board to resign as directors to allow four current members of the Andeavor board to be appointed to
the MPC board.

Dividend Cooperation

Andeavor and MPC have agreed to coordinate the declaration, fixing of record dates, and setting of payment dates of dividends on shares of
Andeavor common stock and MPC common stock, to the extent to be declared by the respective Andeavor and MPC boards of directors, so that holders
of shares of Andeavor common stock do not receive dividends on both shares of Andeavor common stock and shares of MPC common stock received in
the merger in respect of any calendar quarter or fail to receive a dividend on one of either of shares of Andeavor common stock or shares of MPC
common stock received in the merger in respect of any calendar quarter.

Tax Treatment

MPC and Andeavor have agreed to use their reasonable best efforts (i) not to take any action that would reasonably be expected to prevent or
impede the treatment of the merger as a “reorganization” within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code and (ii) to cooperate with
one another in obtaining the tax opinion referred to in the last bullet in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Conditions to the Completion of the
Merger” beginning on page  179.

Company Debt Arrangements

From April 29, 2018 through the effective time of the first merger, at MPC’s written request and subject to certain conditions, Andeavor will use
its reasonable best efforts to cooperate with, and provide all reasonable assistance to, MPC in connection with any steps MPC may, in its sole discretion,
determine are necessary or desirable to take in order for MPC to terminate, retire or repay, effective at or after the effective time of the first merger, some
or all amounts outstanding under or commitments issued pursuant to Andeavor credit agreements.
 

-178-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 192/241

Table of Contents

Funding

In connection with the merger, Andeavor agreed to use and cause its subsidiaries to use its and their reasonable best efforts to cause its and their
respective officers, directors, employees, accountants, consultants, investment bankers, agents and other non-legal advisor and representatives to provide
to MPC all cooperation as is reasonably requested by MPC in connection with arranging, obtaining and syndicating any funding transactions undertaken
by MPC or its subsidiaries in connection with the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. For further information regarding funding in
connection with the transaction, see the section entitled “The Merger—Funding of the Merger and Indebtedness Following the Merger” beginning on
page  144.

Conditions to the Completion of the Merger

Under the merger agreement, the respective obligations of MPC, Andeavor, Merger Sub 1 and Merger Sub 2 to complete the merger are subject to
the satisfaction or waiver at or prior to the effective time of the first merger of the following conditions:
 

 
•  MPC Stockholder Approval. The MPC issuance proposal must have been approved by the affirmative vote of a majority of votes cast by

MPC stockholders present in person or by proxy at the MPC special meeting and entitled to vote on the proposal.
 

 
•  Andeavor Stockholder Approval. The Andeavor merger proposal must have been approved by holders of a majority of the outstanding shares

of Andeavor common stock entitled to vote thereon at the Andeavor special meeting.
 

 
•  NYSE Listing. The shares of MPC common stock issuable to Andeavor stockholders pursuant to the merger agreement must have been

authorized for listing on the NYSE, upon the official notice of issuance.
 

 

•  Regulatory Consents. The waiting period under the HSR Act applicable to the completion of the merger and the other transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement must have expired or been terminated, as well as satisfaction of all approvals, notices or other
requirements under other antitrust laws, without the imposition of, or requirement to agree to, any terms, conditions, liabilities, obligations
or commitments that, individually or in the aggregate, constitute a burdensome condition, as defined in the section entitled “The Merger
Agreement—Reasonable Best Efforts; Regulatory Filings and Other Actions—Burdensome Condition” beginning on page 175.

 

 
•  Litigation. There must not have been enacted, issued, promulgated, enforced or entered by a court or other governmental entity of competent

jurisdiction any applicable law that is in effect and restrains, enjoins or otherwise prohibits completion of the merger or the other
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

 

 
•  Effectiveness of the Registration Statement. The registration statement of which this joint proxy statement/prospectus forms a part must have

become effective under the Securities Act and must not be the subject of any stop order issued by the SEC or any pending proceedings
initiated by the SEC seeking such a stop order.

Under the merger agreement, the obligations of MPC, Merger Sub 1 and Merger Sub 2 to complete the merger are subject to the satisfaction or
waiver of the following additional conditions:
 

 

•  certain representations and warranties of Andeavor regarding aspects of its capitalization and the capitalization of Andeavor Logistics must
be true and correct as of the date of the merger agreement and as of the closing as though made on and as of such date and time (except to
the extent that any such representation and warranty expressly speaks as of another date, in which case such representation and warranty will
only be required to be so true and correct as of such other date), except for such inaccuracies as would not in the aggregate be material in
amount or effect;

 
-179-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 193/241

Table of Contents

 
•  the representations and warranties of Andeavor regarding the absence of any material adverse effect on Andeavor and its subsidiaries must

be true and correct as of the date of the merger agreement and as of the closing as though made on and as of such date and time;
 

 

•  certain representations and warranties of Andeavor regarding due organization and validity of existence; corporate authority; approval and
fairness; non-contravention with respect to the organizational documents of Andeavor or its subsidiaries; takeover statutes; and broker’s and
finder’s fees must be true and correct in all material respects as of the date of the merger agreement and as of the closing as though made on
and as of such date and time (except to the extent that any such representation and warranty expressly speaks as of another date, in which
case such representation and warranty will only be required to be so true and correct as of such other date);

 

 

•  the other representations and warranties of Andeavor must be true and correct, without regard to materiality, Andeavor material adverse
effect, or similar qualifiers, as of the date of the merger agreement and as of the closing as though made on and as of such date and time
(except to the extent that any such representation and warranty expressly speaks as of another date, in which case such representation and
warranty will only be required to be so true and correct as of such other date), other than for such failures to be so true and correct that,
individually or in the aggregate, have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have an Andeavor material adverse effect;

 

 
•  Andeavor must have performed and complied with in all material respects all of its obligations under the merger agreement required to be

performed or complied with at or prior to the closing; and
 

 
•  MPC must have received a certificate signed by an executive officer of Andeavor to the effect that the foregoing closing conditions have

been satisfied.

Under the merger agreement, the obligation of Andeavor to complete the merger is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the following additional
conditions:
 

 

•  certain representations and warranties of MPC, Merger Sub 1 and Merger Sub 2 regarding due organization and validity of existence; capital
structure; corporate authority; approval and fairness; non-contravention with respect to the organizational documents of MPC or its
subsidiaries; and broker’s and finder’s fees must be true and correct in all material respects as of the date of the merger agreement and as of
the closing as though made on and as of such date and time (except to the extent that any such representation and warranty expressly speaks
as of another date, in which case such representation and warranty will only be required to be so true and correct as of such other date);

 

 
•  the representations and warranties of MPC, Merger Sub 1 and Merger Sub 2 regarding the absence of any material adverse effect on MPC

and its subsidiaries must be true and correct as of the date of the merger agreement and as of the closing as though made on and as of such
date and time;

 

 

•  the other representations and warranties of MPC, Merger Sub 1 and Merger Sub 2 must be true and correct without regard to materiality,
MPC material adverse effect, or similar qualifiers, as of the date of the merger agreement and as of the closing as though made on and as of
such date and time (except to the extent that any such representation and warranty expressly speaks as of another date, in which case such
representation and warranty will only be required to be so true and correct as of such other date), other than for such failures to be so true
and correct that, individually or in the aggregate, have not had and would not be reasonably be expected to have an MPC material adverse
effect;

 

 
•  MPC, Merger Sub 1 and Merger Sub 2 must have performed and complied with in all material respects all of their respective obligations

under the merger agreement required to be performed or complied with by them at or prior to the closing;
 

 
•  Andeavor must have received a certificate signed by an executive officer of MPC on behalf of MPC, Merger Sub 1, and Merger Sub 2 to the

effect that the foregoing closing conditions have been satisfied; and
 

-180-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 194/241

Table of Contents

 

•  Andeavor must have received a written opinion from Sullivan & Cromwell LLP (or another nationally recognized law firm selected by
Andeavor) substantially to the effect that for U.S. federal income tax purposes the merger will be treated as a “reorganization” within the
meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code, and MPC and Andeavor will each be a “party to the reorganization” within the
meaning of Section 368(b) of the Internal Revenue Code.

Termination

Termination Rights

MPC and Andeavor may terminate the merger agreement and abandon the merger at any time prior to the effective time of the first merger by
mutual written consent of MPC and Andeavor.

The merger agreement may also be terminated by either MPC or Andeavor at any time prior to the effective time of the first merger in any of the
following situations if the terminating party has not breached in any material respect its obligations under the merger agreement in any manner that has
proximately contributed to the failure of a condition to the completion of the first merger or the failure of the completion of the first merger to occur:
 

 •  the completion of the first merger does not occur by April 29, 2019, which is referred to as an end date termination event;
 

 
•  the MPC special meeting is held and the MPC stockholders do not approve the MPC issuance proposal at such meeting or at any permitted

adjournment or postponement of such meeting, which is referred to as an MPC stockholder approval termination event;
 

 
•  the Andeavor special meeting is held and the Andeavor stockholders do not approve the Andeavor merger proposal at such meeting or at any

permitted adjournment or postponement of such meeting, which is referred to as an Andeavor stockholder approval termination event; or
 

 
•  any law or order permanently restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the completion of the merger becomes final and non-

appealable.

In addition, the merger agreement may be terminated by MPC:
 

 

•  solely prior to the approval of the MPC issuance proposal by MPC stockholders, in order for MPC to enter into an alternative acquisition
agreement providing for the consummation of a superior proposal in compliance with the procedures described in the second bullet in the
section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Non-Solicitation of Acquisition Proposals; Changes of Recommendation—MPC: No-Shop
Exceptions; Permitted Changes of Recommendation and Permitted Termination to Enter into a Superior Proposal” beginning on page 170,
after having fully complied with the match right and other no-shop obligations under the merger agreement, provided that MPC pays the
reverse termination fee prior to or concurrently with termination of the merger agreement;

 

 •  prior to the effective time of the first merger, if an adverse Andeavor recommendation change has occurred;
 

 

•  prior to the effective time of the first merger, if there is a breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement made by Andeavor
in the merger agreement, or any such representation and warranty or covenant becomes untrue after the date of the merger agreement, such
that the condition to closing above relating to the accuracy of the representations and warranties of Andeavor or the condition to closing
above relating to the covenants or agreements of Andeavor would not be satisfied, and such breach or condition is not curable, or, if curable,
is not cured prior to the earlier of 30 days after written notice thereof is given by MPC to Andeavor and the fifth business day prior to
April 29, 2019, which is referred to as the Andeavor breach termination event; or

 

 
•  prior to the effective time of the first merger, if Andeavor has materially breached its no-shop covenants and such breach is not curable or, if

curable, is not cured within the earlier of (i) 10 calendar
 

-181-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 195/241

Table of Contents

 days after written notice of the breach is given by MPC to Andeavor and (ii) the fifth business day prior to April 29, 2019.

Further, the merger agreement may be terminated by Andeavor:
 

 

•  solely prior to the adoption of the merger agreement by Andeavor stockholders, in order for Andeavor to enter into an alternative acquisition
agreement providing for the consummation of a superior proposal in compliance with the procedures described in the second bullet in the
section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Non-Solicitation of Acquisition Proposals; Changes of Recommendation—Andeavor: No-Shop
Exceptions; Permitted Changes of Recommendation and Permitted Termination to Enter into a Superior Proposal” beginning on page 171,
after having fully complied with the match right and other no-shop obligations under the merger agreement, provided that Andeavor pays
the termination fee prior to or concurrently with termination of the merger agreement;

 

 •  prior to the effective time of the first merger, if an adverse MPC recommendation change has occurred;
 

 

•  prior to the effective time of the first merger, if there is a breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement made by MPC,
Merger Sub 1 or Merger Sub 2 in the merger agreement, or any such representation and warranty or covenant becomes untrue after the date
of the merger agreement, such that the condition to closing above relating to the accuracy of the representations and warranties of MPC,
Merger Sub 1 and Merger Sub 2 or the condition to closing above relating to the covenants or agreements of MPC, Merger Sub 1 and
Merger Sub 2 would not be satisfied, and such breach or condition is not curable, or, if curable, is not cured prior to the earlier of either 30
days after written notice thereof is given by Andeavor to MPC and the fifth business day prior to April 29, 2019, which is referred to as an
MPC breach termination event; or

 

 
•  prior to the effective time of the first merger, if MPC has materially breached its no-shop covenants and such breach is not curable or, if

curable, is not cured within the earlier of (i) 10 calendar days after written notice of the breach is given by Andeavor to MPC and (ii) the
fifth business day prior to April 29, 2019.

Termination Fees Payable by MPC

The merger agreement requires MPC to pay Andeavor a termination fee of $800 million, which is referred to as the reverse termination fee, if:
 

 •  Andeavor terminates the merger agreement due to an adverse MPC recommendation change;
 

 
•  Andeavor terminates the merger agreement due to an MPC breach termination event following a material breach by MPC or its

representatives of certain covenants related to the filing of the proxy statement and calling the MPC special meeting, which is referred to as
an MPC meeting breach termination event;

 

 
•  Andeavor terminates the merger agreement due to an MPC breach termination event following a material breach by MPC of MPC’s “no

shop” obligations under the merger agreement as described in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Non-Solicitation of Acquisition
Proposals; Changes of Recommendation” beginning on page 168;

 

 
•  MPC terminates the merger agreement to enter into an alternative acquisition agreement providing for the consummation of a superior

proposal in accordance with the merger agreement; or
 

 

•  MPC or Andeavor terminates the merger agreement because there has been an end date termination event, an MPC stockholder approval
termination event or an MPC breach termination event (other than an MPC meeting breach termination event), an acquisition proposal with
respect to MPC was publicly announced after April 29, 2018 and not unconditionally withdrawn, in the case of an end date termination
event or an MPC breach termination event, before the date of termination, and in the case

 
-182-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 196/241

Table of Contents

 
of an MPC stockholder approval termination event, before the MPC special meeting, and within 12 months following the date of such
termination:

 

 •  the MPC board recommends that MPC stockholders vote in favor of or tender into an MPC acquisition proposal;
 

 •  MPC enters into an alternative acquisition agreement providing for an MPC acquisition proposal; or
 

 •  an MPC acquisition proposal is consummated.

Further, the merger agreement requires MPC to pay Andeavor all documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with the
merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including attorney’s fees, not in excess of $75 million, if MPC or
Andeavor terminates the merger agreement due to an MPC stockholder approval termination event (which payment will be credited against the payment
of the reverse termination fee if the reverse termination fee subsequently becomes payable).

In no event will MPC be required to pay the reverse termination fee on more than one occasion.

Termination Fees Payable by Andeavor

The merger agreement requires Andeavor to pay MPC a termination fee of $600 million, which is referred to as the termination fee, if:
 

 •  MPC terminates the merger agreement due to an adverse Andeavor recommendation change;
 

 
•  MPC terminates the merger agreement due to an Andeavor breach termination event following a material breach by Andeavor or its

representatives of certain covenants related to the filing of the proxy statement and calling the Andeavor special meeting, which is referred
to as an Andeavor meeting breach termination event;

 

 
•  MPC terminates the merger agreement due to an Andeavor breach termination event following a material breach by Andeavor of Andeavor’s

“no shop” obligations under the merger agreement as described in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Non-Solicitation of
Acquisition Proposals; Changes of Recommendation” beginning on page 168;

 

 
•  Andeavor terminates the merger agreement to enter into an alternative acquisition agreement providing for the consummation of a superior

proposal in accordance with the merger agreement; or
 

 

•  MPC or Andeavor terminates the merger agreement because there has been an end date termination event, an Andeavor stockholder
approval termination event or an Andeavor breach termination event (other than an Andeavor meeting breach termination event), an
acquisition proposal with respect to Andeavor was publicly announced after April 29, 2018 and not unconditionally withdrawn in the case of
an end date termination event or an Andeavor breach termination event, before the date of termination, and in the case of an Andeavor
stockholder approval termination event before the Andeavor special meeting, and within 12 months following the date of such termination:

 

 
•  the Andeavor board recommends that Andeavor stockholders vote in favor of or tender into an Andeavor acquisition proposal

(substituting “50%” for “15%” in the definition of acquisition proposal for these purposes);
 

 
•  Andeavor enters into an alternative acquisition agreement providing for an Andeavor acquisition proposal (substituting “50%” for

“15%” in the definition of acquisition proposal for these purposes); or
 

 
•  an Andeavor acquisition proposal (substituting “50%” for “15%” in the definition of acquisition proposal for these purposes) is

consummated.
 

-183-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 197/241

Table of Contents

Further, the merger agreement requires Andeavor to pay MPC all documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with the
merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including attorney’s fees, not in excess of $75 million, if MPC or
Andeavor terminates the merger agreement due to an Andeavor stockholder approval termination event (which payment will be credited against the
payment of the termination fee if the termination fee subsequently becomes payable).

In no event will Andeavor be required to pay the termination fee on more than one occasion.

Expenses

Except as otherwise provided in the merger agreement, whether or not the merger is completed, all costs and expenses incurred in connection with
the merger agreement, the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement will be paid by the party incurring the expense,
except that certain expenses in connection with the registration statement on Form S-4 of which this joint proxy statement/prospectus forms a part will
be shared equally by MPC and Andeavor.

Indemnification; Directors’ and Officers’ Insurance

The parties to the merger agreement have agreed that, from and after the effective time of the first merger, MPC will and will cause the surviving
corporation to indemnify and hold harmless (and subject to certain conditions to provide advancement of expenses to) each present and former director
and officer of Andeavor and its subsidiaries and each other person or entity who, at the request or for the benefit of Andeavor or any of its subsidiaries,
is or was previously serving as a director or officer, Andeavor Logistics employee or fiduciary of any other person or entity or any benefit plan of
Andeavor or any benefit plan of any of Andeavor’s subsidiaries (determined at the effective time), from and against any costs or expenses, judgments,
fines, losses, claims, damages, penalties, amounts paid in settlement or liabilities incurred in connection with any claim, action, suit, proceeding or
investigation arising out of matters existing or occurring at or prior to the effective time of the first merger, to the fullest extent that Andeavor or the
applicable subsidiary of Andeavor would have been permitted under Delaware law and under its certificate of incorporation or bylaws or other
governing documents in effect on April 29, 2018 to indemnify such person. The parties to the merger agreement have also agreed that the surviving
entity’s certificate of incorporation and bylaws or limited liability company agreement, as applicable, will include provisions regarding the elimination
of liability of directors, the indemnification of officers, directors, employees, fiduciaries and agents and advancement of fees, costs and expenses that are
no less advantageous to the intended beneficiaries than the corresponding provisions in the organizational documents of Andeavor in effect on April 29,
2018.

In addition, MPC or Andeavor is required to obtain and fully pay for a six-year “tail” insurance policy with benefits and levels of coverage no less
favorable in any material respect to the indemnified parties than Andeavor’s existing policies, subject to a premium cap. If MPC, Andeavor and the
surviving corporation fail to obtain such “tail” insurance policies as of the effective time of the first merger, the surviving corporation will (and MPC
will cause the surviving entity in the merger to) continue to maintain in effect for a period of at least six years from and after the effective time of the
first merger the Andeavor D&O insurance in place as of April 29, 2018 with benefits and levels of coverage no less favorable in any material respect to
the indemnified parties than that provided in Andeavor’s existing policies as of April 29, 2018, subject to a premium cap.

The indemnified persons described in the first paragraph of this section will have the right to enforce the provisions of the merger agreement
relating to their indemnification.

Modification and Amendment

The merger agreement may be amended, modified or supplemented in writing at any time; however, after the approval by Andeavor stockholders
of the merger approval or the approval by MPC stockholders of the MPC issuance proposal, no amendment or waiver may be made which requires
further approval by Andeavor stockholders or MPC stockholders under applicable law unless such further approval is obtained.
 

-184-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 198/241

Table of Contents

Remedies

In the event of termination of the merger agreement pursuant to the provisions described in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—
Termination” beginning on page 181, the merger agreement (other than certain provisions as set forth in the merger agreement) will become void and of
no effect with no liability on the part of any party to the merger agreement (or of any of its representatives or affiliates). However, except as otherwise
expressly provided in the merger agreement, no termination of the merger agreement will relieve any party to the merger agreement of any liability or
damages to the other parties resulting from any deliberate material breach of the merger agreement.

If either MPC or Andeavor receives the full amount of the termination fee or the reverse termination fee, as applicable, in the circumstances
contemplated by the merger agreement, such payment will be the sole and exclusive remedy of the receiving party against the paying party and its
subsidiaries and their respective former, current or future partners, stockholders, managers, members, affiliates or representatives.

The parties are entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of the merger agreement, and to enforce specifically the terms of the
merger agreement without proof of actual damages.

Amendment

On July 3, 2018, Andeavor, MPC, Merger Sub 1 and Merger Sub 2 entered into an Amendment to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, which is
referred to as the Amendment. The merger agreement had previously provided that, in connection with the election procedures, each Andeavor
stockholder who owns certificated shares of Andeavor common stock must deliver the certificate representing such shares (or affidavits of loss in lieu of
the certificates or an appropriate guarantee of delivery of such certificates by a financial institution, provided that the certificates are in fact delivered to
the exchange agent within three trading days after the date of execution of such guarantee of delivery) and a letter of transmittal by the election deadline.
The Amendment revises the three trading day required delivery date to two trading days in order to conform the delivery procedures to the T+2
settlement procedures recently adopted by the SEC.
 

-185-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 199/241

Table of Contents

VOTING AND SUPPORT AGREEMENT

This section describes the material terms of the voting agreement, executed on April 29, 2018. The description in this section and elsewhere in this
joint proxy statement/prospectus is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of the voting agreement, a copy of which is attached as
Annex B to this joint proxy statement/prospectus and is incorporated by reference herein in its entirety. This summary does not purport to be complete
and may not contain all of the information about the voting agreement that is important to you. You are encouraged to read the voting agreement
carefully and in its entirety.

In connection with the execution of the merger agreement, and as a condition to MPC’s willingness to enter into the merger agreement, Paul L.
Foster and Franklin Mountain Investments, LP, which are referred to collectively as the stockholder, entered into a voting and support agreement with
Andeavor, MPC, Merger Sub 1 and Merger Sub 2. Based on information provided by the stockholder to MPC and Andeavor, as of the date of the voting
agreement, the stockholder beneficially owned in the aggregate 7,841,425 shares of Andeavor common stock, representing approximately 5.2% of the
outstanding shares of Andeavor common stock as of April 26, 2018, 6,489,218 shares of which were beneficially owned by Franklin Mountain
Investments, LP (Mr. Foster is the sole member and president of Franklin Mountain G.P., LLC, the general partner of Franklin Mountain Investments,
LP, and as such, may be deemed to have voting and dispositive power over the shares owned by Franklin Mountain Investments, LP).

The foregoing shares are referred to as the existing shares, and together with any shares of Andeavor common stock or other voting capital stock
of Andeavor of which the stockholder acquires beneficial ownership on or after the date hereof, are referred to as the subject shares. The subject shares
do not include the shares that are subject to that certain trading plan, dated as of November 14, 2017, by and between Goldman Sachs and the
stockholder, for purposes of Rule 10b5-1 of the Exchange Act that was in effect as of April 29, 2018.

Voting

At the Andeavor special meeting and any other meeting or in any written consent solicitation or action of Andeavor stockholders called in relation
to any of the following matters, the stockholder has agreed to be present and vote or cause to be voted their shares as follows:
 

 
(A) in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement and the approval of the transactions contemplated thereby, including the merger, and any

related proposal in furtherance thereof;
 

 
(B) in favor of any proposal to adjourn or postpone the Andeavor special meeting to a later date if there are not sufficient votes to adopt the

merger agreement and/or if there are not sufficient shares present in person or by proxy at the Andeavor special meeting to constitute a
quorum;

 

 (C) in favor of any other matter necessary to complete the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement;
 

 
(D) against any merger, tender offer, exchange offer, sale of all or substantially all assets, recapitalization, reorganization, consolidation, share

exchange, business combination, liquidation, dissolution or similar transaction or series of transactions involving Andeavor, any of its
subsidiaries and any other person (including any acquisition proposal), other than the merger; and

 

 
(E) against any other action or agreement that would reasonably be expected to impede, frustrate, interfere with, delay, postpone or adversely

affect the merger or any other transaction contemplated by the merger agreement, including the completion thereof.

In the event of a failure by the stockholder to act in accordance with its obligations pursuant to the voting agreement, the stockholder irrevocably
grants to and appoints MPC and any of its designees as its proxy and attorney-in-fact to represent the subject shares and vote, execute written consents
and otherwise act with respect to such subject shares regarding the matters described above until termination of the voting agreement.
 

-186-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 200/241

Table of Contents

Prohibition on Transfers

Until the termination of the voting agreement, the stockholder will not, directly or indirectly:
 

 •  transfer, assign, sell, pledge, encumber, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of any of the subject shares;
 

 
•  grant any proxies or power of attorney, or any other authorization or consent with respect to any or all of the subject shares in respect of any

matter covered by the voting agreement;
 

 
•  deposit any of the subject shares into a voting trust or enter into a voting agreement or arrangement with respect to any of such subject

shares or grant any proxy or power of attorney with respect thereto that is inconsistent with the voting agreement;
 

 
•  enter into any contract with respect to the transfer, assignment, sale, pledge, encumbrance, hypothecation or other disposal of the subject

shares; or
 

 
•  take any other action that would restrict, limit or interfere with the performance of its obligations under the voting agreement except for any

transfers pursuant to that certain trading plan, dated as of November 14, 2017, by and among Goldman Sachs and the stockholder.

Under the terms of the voting agreement, any purported transfer, assignment, sale, pledge, encumbrance, hypothecation or other disposal of the
subject shares without MPC’s consent is null and void ab initio.

Termination

The voting agreement will terminate automatically upon the earliest of the termination of the merger agreement, the effective time of the first
merger and an Andeavor adverse recommendation change.
 

-187-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 201/241

Table of Contents

MATERIAL U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER

The following discussion addresses the material U.S. federal income tax consequences of the merger to U.S. holders (as defined below) of
Andeavor common stock. The discussion is based on the provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, its legislative history, U.S. Treasury regulations,
administrative rulings and judicial decisions, all as currently in effect as of the date hereof and all of which are subject to change (possibly with
retroactive effect) and all of which are subject to differing interpretations. Tax considerations under foreign, state or local laws or federal laws other than
those pertaining to income tax are not addressed in this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

For purposes of this discussion, the term “U.S. holder” refers to a beneficial owner that is:
 

 •  an individual citizen or resident of the United States;
 

 
•  a corporation (or other entity taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) created or organized under the laws of the

United States, any state thereof, or the District of Columbia;
 

 
•  a trust that (i) is subject to the supervision of a court within the United States and one or more U.S. persons has the authority to control all

substantial decisions of the trust or (ii) has a valid election in effect under applicable U.S. Treasury regulations to be treated as a U.S.
person; or

 

 •  an estate that is subject to U.S. federal income taxation on its income regardless of its source.

This discussion applies only to U.S. holders that hold their Andeavor common stock as a capital asset within the meaning of Section 1221 of the
Internal Revenue Code (generally, property held for investment), and does not address any consequences arising under the unearned income Medicare
contribution tax or all aspects of U.S. federal taxation that may be relevant to a particular U.S. holder in light of its personal circumstances or to U.S.
holders subject to special treatment under the U.S. federal income tax laws, including:
 

 •  financial institutions;
 

 •  entities or arrangements treated as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes or other flow-through entities (or investors therein);
 

 •  persons liable for the alternative minimum tax;
 

 •  insurance companies;
 

 •  tax-exempt organizations;
 

 •  dealers in securities;
 

 •  traders in securities that elect to use a mark-to-market method of accounting;
 

 •  persons that hold Andeavor common stock as part of a straddle, hedge, constructive sale or conversion transaction;
 

 •  regulated investment companies;
 

 •  real estate investment trusts;
 

 •  persons whose “functional currency” is not the U.S. dollar;
 

 •  former citizens or former long-term residents of the United States; and
 

 
•  stockholders who acquired their shares of Andeavor common stock through the exercise of an employee stock option, as a restricted stock

award, or otherwise as compensation.

If a partnership or other entity taxed as a partnership holds Andeavor common stock, the tax treatment of a partner or other investor in the
partnership (or other entity) will depend upon the status of the partner and the activities of the partner and partnership (or other entity). Partnerships and
other entities taxed as partnerships and partners or investors therein should consult their tax advisors about the tax consequences of the merger to them.
 

-188-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 202/241

Table of Contents

The actual tax consequences of the merger to you may be complex and will depend on your specific situation and on factors that are not within
MPC’s or Andeavor’s control. You should consult with your own tax advisor as to the tax consequences of the merger in your particular circumstances,
including the applicability and effect of the any state, local, foreign or other tax laws and of changes in those laws.

U.S. Federal Income Taxation of the Merger

Based on certain representations, covenants and assumptions described below, all of which must continue to be true and accurate in all material
respects as of the effective time of the first merger, it is the opinion of Sullivan & Cromwell LLP that (i) for U.S. federal income tax purposes the merger
will be treated as a “reorganization” within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code and (ii) MPC and Andeavor will each be a
“party to the reorganization” within the meaning of Section 368(b) of the Internal Revenue Code, which opinion is referred to as the reorganization
opinion. It is a condition to Andeavor’s obligation to complete the merger that Andeavor receives a written opinion of its counsel, Sullivan & Cromwell
LLP (or another nationally recognized law firm selected by Andeavor), dated as of the closing date, confirming this opinion, which opinion is referred to
as the closing date opinion.

The reorganization opinion has been, and the closing date opinion will be, based on certain assumptions, including the assumption that the merger
will be completed in the manner set forth in the merger agreement and the registration statement on Form S-4 of which this joint proxy
statement/prospectus is a part, and on representation letters provided by MPC and Andeavor. The reorganization opinion has been, and the closing date
opinion will also be, based on the assumption that the representations found in the representation letters are, as of the effective time, true and complete
without qualification (including representations regarding the relative values of the MPC stock consideration and cash consideration on the signing date
and the closing date) and that the representation letters are executed by appropriate and authorized officers of MPC and Andeavor, as applicable. If any
of the assumptions or representations upon which such opinions are based are inconsistent with the actual facts with respect to the merger, the U.S.
federal income tax consequences of the merger could be different from those described herein.

In addition, the opinions will not be binding on the Internal Revenue Service or any court. Neither MPC nor Andeavor intends to request any
ruling from the Internal Revenue Service as to the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the merger, and consequently, there is no guarantee that the
Internal Revenue Service will treat the merger as a “reorganization” within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code or that a court
would not sustain a position to the contrary to any of the positions set forth herein.

If the merger is treated as a “reorganization” within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code, then the following are the
material U.S. federal income tax consequences of the merger.

U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences to U.S. Holders

Exchange of Andeavor Common Stock Solely for Cash

U.S. holders who exchange all of their Andeavor common stock solely for cash will generally recognize gain or loss equal to the difference
between the amount of cash received and the tax basis of the Andeavor shares exchanged. The amount and character of gain or loss will be determined
separately for each block of Andeavor common stock that was purchased by U.S. holders in the same transaction. Any recognized gain or loss will
generally be capital gain or loss and any such capital gain or loss will be (i) long term if, as of the date of sale or exchange, such stockholder has held the
Andeavor common stock for more than one year, or (ii) short term if, as of such date, such U.S. holder has held the Andeavor common stock for one
year or less. For U.S. holders of Andeavor common stock that are non-corporate holders, long-term capital gain generally will be taxed at a preferential
U.S. federal income tax rate. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations. In certain circumstances, it is possible that, instead of
recognizing gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount
 

-189-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 203/241

Table of Contents

of cash received and the tax basis of the Andeavor shares exchanged, a U.S. holder may be required to treat all or part of the cash received in the merger
as dividend income. A U.S. holder with a relatively minimal stock interest in Andeavor and MPC that experiences a reduction in its proportionate
interest in MPC as a result of the merger generally should not be treated as recognizing dividend income as a result of the merger.

Exchange of Andeavor Common Stock Solely for MPC Common Stock

U.S. holders who exchange all of their Andeavor common stock solely for MPC common stock will not recognize gain or loss for U.S. federal
income tax purposes, except with respect to cash, if any, they receive upon the sale of a fractional share of MPC common stock (see below for the tax
treatment of such cash received for a fractional share). Each U.S. holder’s aggregate tax basis in the MPC common stock received will be the same as
such Andeavor common stockholder’s aggregate tax basis in the Andeavor shares surrendered in the transaction, reduced by the basis attributable to any
fractional share of MPC common stock deemed sold (as discussed below under the heading “Receipt of Cash Upon the Deemed Sale of a Fractional
Share”). The holding period of the MPC common stock received by a U.S. holder will include the holding period of the Andeavor common stock
surrendered. If a U.S. holder has differing tax bases and/or holding periods in respect of Andeavor common stock, such U.S. holder should consult with
a tax advisor with respect to the determination of the tax bases and/or holding periods of the particular shares of MPC common stock received.

Exchange of Andeavor Common Stock for MPC Common Stock and Cash

U.S. holders who exchange Andeavor common stock for a combination of MPC common stock and cash will be treated as having received a
number of their shares in exchange for MPC stock and the remaining number of their shares in exchange for cash. With respect to shares of Andeavor
common stock that are exchanged for MPC stock, U.S. holders will not recognize gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes, except with respect
to cash, if any, they receive upon the sale of a fractional share of MPC common stock (see below for the tax treatment of such cash received for a
fractional share). With respect to shares of Andeavor common stock that are exchanged for cash, U.S. holders will recognize gain (if any), but not loss.
The gain, if any, recognized in the exchange of Andeavor common stock for cash will equal the lesser of (a) the amount of cash received in the exchange
and (b) the amount of gain realized in the exchange. The amount of gain that is realized in the exchange of Andeavor common stock for cash will equal
the excess of (i) the sum of the cash received in the exchange over (ii) the tax basis of the Andeavor shares surrendered in the exchange. For this
purpose, a U.S. holder must calculate gain or loss separately for each identifiable block of Andeavor common stock that such U.S. holder surrenders
pursuant to the exchange. Any recognized gain will generally be long-term capital gain if the U.S. holder’s holding period for the shares of Andeavor
common stock surrendered in the exchange is more than one year at the effective time of the first merger. It is possible, however, that a U.S. holder
would instead be required to treat all or part of such gain as dividend income if such stockholder’s percentage ownership in MPC (including shares that
the stockholder is deemed to own under certain attribution rules) after the merger is not meaningfully reduced from what the stockholder’s percentage
ownership would have been if the stockholder had received solely shares of MPC common stock rather than a combination of cash and MPC common
stock in the merger, which is referred to as a dividend equivalent transaction. A U.S. holder with a relatively minimal stock interest in Andeavor and
MPC that experiences a reduction in its proportionate interest in MPC as a result of the merger generally should not be regarded as having had a
dividend equivalent transaction as a result of the merger.

The aggregate tax basis of the MPC common stock received (including the basis in any fractional share deemed sold for cash) will be equal to the
aggregate tax basis in the Andeavor shares surrendered in the transactions, decreased by the amount of cash received (other than cash received in respect
of fractional shares) and increased by the amount of gain, if any, recognized (but excluding any gain realized in connection with the deemed sale of a
fractional share of MPC common stock as discussed below). The holding period of the MPC common stock received by a holder of Andeavor shares
will include the holding period of the Andeavor shares surrendered in exchange therefor. If a U.S. holder has differing tax bases and/or holding periods
in respect of
 

-190-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 204/241

Table of Contents

Andeavor common stock, such U.S. holder should consult with a tax advisor with respect to allocation of the MPC common stock and cash
consideration as between such blocks of Andeavor common stock, the amount of any gain to be recognized and the possibility of recognizing any loss,
and the determination of the tax bases and/or holding periods of the particular shares of MPC common stock received.

Receipt of Cash Upon the Deemed Sale of a Fractional Share

A U.S. holder who receives cash in lieu of a fractional share of MPC common stock will be treated as having received the fractional share
pursuant to the merger and then as having sold the fractional share for cash in a redemption by MPC. As a result, such U.S. holder will generally
recognize gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount of cash received and the basis in his or her fractional share interest as set forth above.
This gain or loss will generally be capital gain or loss, and will be long-term capital gain or loss if, as of the effective date of the merger, such U.S.
holder’s holding period for such share is greater than one year. For U.S. holders of Andeavor common stock that are non-corporate holders, long-term
capital gain generally will be taxed at a preferential U.S. federal income tax rate. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations.

Consequences to U.S. holders if the Merger is Not Treated as a Reorganization

If the merger is not treated as a “reorganization” within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code, then, except as described
below, a U.S. holder will recognize gain or loss equal to the excess of (i) the sum of the fair market value of the MPC stock consideration and cash
consideration received over (ii) U.S. holder’s tax basis in the Andeavor common stock surrendered in the exchange. Such gain or loss would generally
be long-term capital gain or loss if the Andeavor common stock was held for more than one year at the time of the exchange. In such event, the tax basis
of MPC common stock received would equal its fair market value at the time of the exchange and the holding period of such MPC common stock would
commence the day after such exchange.

Backup Withholding and Information Reporting

In general, payments of cash to a U.S. holder of Andeavor common stock pursuant to the merger are subject to information reporting unless the
U.S. holder is an exempt recipient and may, under certain circumstances, be subject to backup withholding, unless such stockholder provides MPC with
its taxpayer identification number and otherwise complies with the backup withholding rules. Any amounts withheld from payments to a U.S. holder of
Andeavor common stock under the backup withholding rules are not additional tax and generally will be allowed as a refund or credit against such U.S.
holder’s federal income tax liability; provided that such U.S. holder timely furnishes the required information to the Internal Revenue Service. U.S.
holders should consult their tax advisors as to their qualification for exemption from backup withholding and the procedure for establishing an
exemption.

A U.S. holder of Andeavor common stock who receives MPC common stock as a result of the merger will be required to retain records pertaining
to the merger. Each U.S. holder of Andeavor common stock who is required to file a U.S. federal income tax return and who is a “significant holder”
that receives MPC common stock in the merger will be required to file a statement with such U.S. federal income tax return in accordance with Treasury
Regulations Section 1.368-3 setting forth information regarding the parties to the merger, the date of the merger and such holder’s basis in the Andeavor
common stock surrendered. A “significant holder” is a holder of Andeavor common stock who, immediately before the merger, owned at least 5% of the
outstanding stock of Andeavor or securities of Andeavor with a basis for federal income tax purposes of at least $1 million.
 

-191-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 205/241

Table of Contents

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

On April 29, 2018, MPC entered into the merger agreement with Andeavor, Merger Sub 1, and Merger Sub 2, pursuant to which Merger Sub 1
will merge with and into Andeavor, with Andeavor surviving the first merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of MPC, and immediately after the
consummation of the first merger, Andeavor will merge with and into Merger Sub 2 with Merger Sub 2 surviving the second merger as a wholly owned
subsidiary of MPC.

Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the merger agreement, upon consummation of the first merger, each share of Andeavor common
stock, issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the first merger (other than the excluded shares) will be converted into, at the
election of the holder of such share of Andeavor common stock, either (a) $152.27 in cash or (b) 1.87 shares of MPC common stock.

The merger agreement includes election allocation and proration provisions that will result in approximately 22.9 million shares of Andeavor
common stock being converted into the cash consideration and the remaining shares of Andeavor common stock being converted into shares of MPC
common stock. The aggregate cash consideration will be approximately $3.5 billion.

Completion of the merger is subject to regulatory approval in addition to the required approvals by stockholders of both companies. As of the date
of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, the merger is expected to be completed during the second half of 2018. For further information on the merger,
see the section entitled “The Merger” beginning on page 78.

The unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated combined financial statements, which are referred to as unaudited pro forma financial
statements, unaudited pro forma statements of income, and unaudited pro forma balance sheet were prepared using the acquisition method of accounting
for the merger with MPC considered the accounting acquirer of Andeavor. See the section entitled “The Merger—Accounting Treatment of the Merger”
beginning on page 153. Under the acquisition method of accounting, the purchase price is allocated to the underlying Andeavor assets acquired and
liabilities assumed based on their respective fair market values with any excess purchase price allocated to goodwill.

The unaudited pro forma statements of income, for the three months ended March 31, 2018 and the year ended December 31, 2017, have been
prepared to give effect to the merger as if it had been consummated on January 1, 2017. The unaudited pro forma balance sheet as of March 31, 2018
gives effect to the merger as if it had been consummated on March 31, 2018.

Assumptions and estimates underlying the adjustments to the unaudited pro forma financial statements are described in the accompanying notes.
Pro forma adjustments are included only to the extent they are (i) directly attributable to the merger, (ii) factually supportable and, (iii) with respect to
the unaudited pro forma statements of income, expected to have a continuing impact on the consolidated results. Andeavor acquired Western Refining
on June 1, 2017 and this was a significant acquisition for Andeavor under Rule 3-05 of Regulation S-X. As such, MPC has included in the unaudited pro
forma financial statements the historical financial information for Western Refining for the period of January 1, 2017 through May 31, 2017. The
unaudited pro forma financial statements have been presented for illustrative purposes only and are not necessarily indicative of the operating results
and financial position that would have been achieved had the merger occurred on the dates indicated. Management believes that the assumptions provide
a reasonable basis for presenting the significant effects of the merger. Further, the unaudited pro forma financial statements do not purport to project the
future operating results or financial position of the combined company following the merger.

The unaudited pro forma financial statements, although helpful in illustrating the financial characteristics of the combined company under one set
of assumptions, do not reflect the anticipated benefits from opportunities to
 

-192-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 206/241

Table of Contents

earn additional revenues, cost savings from operating efficiencies or synergies (or associated costs or capital expenditures required to achieve such
additional revenue, savings or synergies), the impact of restructuring, or other factors that may result as a consequence of the merger and, accordingly,
do not attempt to predict or suggest future results. Specifically, the unaudited pro forma statements of income exclude projected synergies expected to be
achieved as a result of the merger, which are described in the section entitled “Summary—Recommendation of the MPC Board” beginning on page 21,
nor do they include any associated costs or capital expenditures that may be required to achieve the identified synergies.

The unaudited pro forma statements of income also exclude the effects of one-time transaction costs associated with the merger. However, such
costs could affect the combined company following the merger in the period the costs are incurred by the combined company and are reflected in the
unaudited pro forma balance sheet as a decrease to retained earnings and a decrease to cash or additional paid in capital. Further, the unaudited pro
forma financial statements do not reflect the effect of any regulatory actions that may impact the results of the combined company following the merger.

The unaudited pro forma financial statements have been developed from and should be read in conjunction with:
 

 •  the accompanying notes to the unaudited pro forma financial statements;
 

 
•  the historical audited consolidated financial statements of MPC, included in MPC’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended

December 31, 2017 and incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus;
 

 
•  the historical unaudited consolidated financial statements of MPC, included in MPC’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended

March 31, 2018 and incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus;
 

 
•  the historical audited consolidated financial statements of Andeavor, included in Andeavor’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year

ended December 31, 2017 and incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus;
 

 
•  the historical unaudited consolidated financial statements of Andeavor, included in Andeavor’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the

quarter ended March 31, 2018 and incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus;
 

 
•  the historical audited consolidated financial statements of Western Refining filed as exhibits to the Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed by

Andeavor on July 20, 2017 and incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus;
 

 
•  the historical unaudited consolidated financial statements of Western Refining for the two-month period ended May 31, 2017 included in the

exhibits to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Andeavor on November 13, 2017, which are not incorporated by reference into this
joint proxy statement/prospectus; and

 

 
•  other information relating to MPC and Andeavor contained in or incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus. See

the sections entitled “Where You Can Find More Information,” “Selected Historical Consolidated Financial Data of MPC” and “Selected
Historical Consolidated Financial Data of Andeavor” beginning on page 236, page 36 and page 38, respectively.

 
-193-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 207/241

Table of Contents

Marathon Petroleum Corporation
Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Consolidated Combined Statements of Income

Three Months Ended March 31, 2018
 
  Historical   Pro Forma  

(in millions, except per share data)  MPC   Andeavor1  Adjustments  Notes  
MPC

Combined 
Revenues and other income:      

Sales and other operating revenues  $18,694  $ 10,341  $ 171   (a)  $ 29,206 
Sales to related parties   172   1   —      173 
Income from equity method investments   86   10   —      96 
Net gain on disposal of assets   2   —     —      2 
Other income   30   3   46   (b)   79 

   
 

   
 

   
 

    
 

Total revenues and other income   18,984   10,355        217    29,556 
   

 
   

 
   

 
    

 

Costs and expenses:      
Cost of revenues (excludes items below)   17,370   9,393   422   (c)   27,185 
Purchases from related parties   141   27   —      168 
Depreciation & amortization   528   282   (43)   (d)   767 
Selling, general and administrative expenses   402   198   —      600 
Other taxes   103   72   —      175 

   
 

   
 

   
 

    
 

Total costs and expenses   18,544   9,972   379    28,895 
   

 
   

 
   

 
    

 

Income from operations   440   383   (162)    661 
Net interest and other financial costs   183   95   —      278 

   
 

   
 

   
 

    
 

Income before income taxes   257   288   (162)    383 
Provision (benefit) for income taxes   22   59   (38)   (g)   43 

   
 

   
 

   
 

    
 

Net income   235   229   (124)    340 
Less net income attributable to:      
Redeemable noncontrolling interest   16   —     —      16 
Noncontrolling interests   182   65   —      247 

   
 

   
 

   
 

    
 

Net income attributable to MPC  $ 37  $ 164  $ (124)   $ 77 
   

 

   

 

   

 

    

 

Per Share Data      
Basic:      

Net income attributable to MPC per share  $ 0.08  $ 1.08    $ 0.11 
Weighted average shares outstanding   476   153    (h)   716 

Diluted:      
Net income attributable to MPC per share  $ 0.08  $ 1.07    $ 0.11 
Weighted average shares outstanding   480   154    (h)   722 

See Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Statements.

 
 
1 Refer to Note 4 for reconciliation to Andeavor’s historical as reported presentation.
 

-194-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 208/241

Table of Contents

Marathon Petroleum Corporation
Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Consolidated Combined Statements of Income

Year Ended December 31, 2017
 
  Historical   Pro Forma  

(in millions, except per share data)  MPC   Andeavor1  

Five Months
Ended

May 31,
2017

Western
Refining2   Adjustments  Notes  

MPC
Combined 

Revenues and other income:       
Sales and other operating revenues (including consumer excise taxes)  $ 74,104  $ 35,140  $ 4,022  $ 4,283   (a)  $ 117,549 
Sales to related parties   629   1   —     —      630 
Income from equity method investments   306   23   9   —      338 
Net gain on disposal of assets   10   15   —     —      25 
Other income   320   6   —     —      326 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

    
 

Total revenues and other income   75,369   35,185   4,031   4,283    118,868 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
    

 

Costs and expenses:       
Cost of revenues (excludes items below)   58,760   30,556   3,771   239   (c)   93,326 
Purchases from related parties   570   118   —     —      688 
Consumer excise taxes   7,759   771   —     4,593   (a)   13,123 
Depreciation & amortization   2,114   1,061   94   (200)   (d)   3,069 
Selling, general and administrative expenses   1,743   896   59   (199)   (e)   2,499 
Other taxes   454   229   —     —      683 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

    
 

Total costs and expenses   71,400   33,631   3,924   4,433    113,388 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
    

 

Income from operations   3,969   1,554   107   (150)    5,480 
Net interest and other financial costs   625   439   58   44   (f)   1,166 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

    
 

Income before income taxes   3,344   1,115   49   (194)    4,314 
(Benefit) provision for income taxes   (460)   (560)   13   (73)   (g)   (1,080) 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

    
 

Net income   3,804   1,675   36   (121)    5,394 
Less net income attributable to:       
Redeemable noncontrolling interest   65   —     —     —      65 
Noncontrolling interests   307   155   15   —      477 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

    
 

Net income attributable to MPC  $ 3,432  $ 1,520  $ 21   $(121)   $ 4,852 
   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

    

 

Per Share Data       
Basic:       

Net income attributable to MPC per share  $ 6.76  $ 10.85     $ 6.49 
Weighted average shares outstanding   507   140     (h)   747 

Diluted:       
Net income attributable to MPC per share  $ 6.70  $ 10.75     $ 6.43 
Weighted average shares outstanding   512   141     (h)   754 

See Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Statements.

 
1 Refer to Note 4 for reconciliation to Andeavor’s historical as reported presentation.
2 Refer to Note 4 for reconciliation to Western Refining’s historical as reported presentation.
 

-195-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 209/241

Table of Contents

Marathon Petroleum Corporation
Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Consolidated Combined Balance Sheets

as of March 31, 2018
 
  Historical   Pro Forma  

(in millions)  MPC   Andeavor1  Adjustments      Notes      
MPC

Combined 
Assets      
Current assets:      

Cash and cash equivalents  $ 4,653  $ 433  $ (2,626)   (aa)  $ 2,460 
Receivables, less allowance for doubtful accounts   4,613   1,934   —      6,547 
Inventories   5,111   3,484   876   (bb)   9,471 
Other current assets   148   325   —      473 

   
 

   
 

   
 

    
 

Total current assets   14,525   6,176   (1,750)    18,951 
Equity method investments   4,817   671   —     (bb)   5,488 
Property, plant and equipment, net   26,618   15,057   2,484   (bb)   44,159 
Goodwill   3,586   3,250   9,872   (bb)   16,708 
Other noncurrent assets   818   3,370   (1,119)   (bb)   3,451 

    382   (bb)  
   

 
   

 
   

 
    

 

Total assets  $ 50,364  $ 28,524  $ 9,869   $ 88,757 
   

 

   

 

   

 

    

 

Liabilities      
Current liabilities:      

Accounts payable  $ 7,066  $ 3,049  $ —     $ 10,115 
Debt due within one year   26   347   1,000   (aa)   1,373 
Other current liabilities   1,280   917   —      2,197 

   
 

   
 

   
 

    
 

Total current liabilities   8,372   4,313   1,000    13,685 
Long-term debt   17,232   8,386   209   (bb)   25,827 
Deferred income taxes   3,120   1,656   626   (bb)   5,139 

    (263)   (bb)  
Defined benefit postretirement plan obligations   1,126   485   —     (bb)   1,611 
Deferred credits and other liabilities   651   531   —      1,182 

   
 

   
 

   
 

    
 

Total liabilities   30,501   15,371   1,572    47,444 
   

 
   

 
   

 
    

 

Commitments and contingencies      
Redeemable noncontrolling interest   1,000   —     —      1,000 

Equity      
MPC stockholders’ equity:      

Preferred stock, no shares issued and outstanding   —     —     —      —   
Common stock:      

Issued   7   33   (33)   (cc)   7 
Held in treasury, at cost   (11,200)   (3,120)   3,120   (cc)   (11,200) 

Additional paid-in capital   13,669   5,256   (5,256)   (cc)   30,898 
    20,687   (bb)  
    (3,485)   (aa)  
    (8)   (aa)  
    35   (cc)  

Retained earnings   12,745   7,715   (7,715)   (cc)   12,578 
    (133)   (aa)  
    (35)   (cc)  

Accumulated other comprehensive loss   (233)   (252)   252   (cc)   (233) 
   

 
   

 
   

 
    

 

Total MPC stockholders’ equity   14,988   9,632   7,429    32,049 
Noncontrolling interests   3,875   3,521   868   (bb)   8,264 

   
 

   
 

   
 

    
 

Total equity   18,863   13,153   8,297    40,313 
   

 
   

 
   

 
    

 

Total liabilities, redeemable noncontrolling interest and equity  $ 50,364  $ 28,524  $ 9,869   $ 88,757 
   

 

   

 

   

 

    

 

See Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Statements.
 
1 Refer to Note 4 for reconciliation to Andeavor’s historical as reported presentation.
 

-196-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 210/241

Table of Contents

NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Except as noted within the context of each note, the dollar amounts presented in the tabular data within these notes are stated in millions of dollars.

NOTE 1—BASIS OF PRO FORMA PRESENTATION

The accompanying unaudited pro forma financial statements were prepared in accordance with Article 11 of Regulation S-X and are intended to
reflect the impact of the merger on MPC’s consolidated financial statements and the pro forma consolidated results of operations and financial position
of MPC based on the historical financial statements of MPC and Andeavor, incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

The unaudited pro forma statements of income for the three months ended March 31, 2018 and year ended December 31, 2017, have been
prepared to give effect to the merger as if it had occurred on January 1, 2017. The unaudited pro forma balance sheet as of March 31, 2018 has been
prepared to give effect to the merger as if it had occurred on March 31, 2018. The merger will be accounted for using the acquisition method of
accounting, as described in Note 2. Subsequent to the merger, any transactions occurring between MPC and Andeavor will be intercompany transactions
and eliminated in the preparation of consolidated financial statements. As such, historical transactions between MPC and Andeavor were eliminated in
connection with the preparation of the unaudited pro forma financial statements.

The pro forma adjustments represent management’s estimates based on information available as of the date of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus and are subject to change as additional information becomes available and additional analysis is performed. The unaudited pro
forma financial statements do not reflect the anticipated benefits from opportunities to earn additional revenues, cost savings from operating efficiencies
or synergies (or associated costs or capital expenditures required to achieve such additional revenues, savings or synergies), or asset dispositions. Also,
the unaudited pro forma financial statements do not reflect the effect of possible adjustments related to restructuring or integration activities that have
yet to be determined. Further, one-time transaction-related expenses anticipated to be incurred prior to, or concurrent with, closing the merger are not
included in the unaudited pro forma statements of income. However, estimates of these anticipated one-time transaction-related expenses are reflected in
the unaudited pro forma balance sheet as a decrease to retained earnings and a decrease to cash.

NOTE 2—PURCHASE ACCOUNTING

Purchase Consideration

The total preliminary purchase consideration of approximately $20.7 billion was determined using the number of issued and outstanding shares of
Andeavor common stock and the closing price of MPC’s common stock ($71.70 per share) on July 17, 2018, the most recent date practicable in the
preparation of this joint proxy statement/prospectus. Andeavor shareholders will have the option to receive cash consideration of $152.27 or stock
consideration of 1.87 shares of MPC common stock for each Andeavor share owned at the closing of the merger. The merger agreement includes
election proration provisions that will result in approximately 22.9 million Andeavor shares being converted into cash consideration and the remaining
Andeavor shares being converted into stock consideration. The aggregate cash consideration will be approximately $3.5 billion.

For purposes of the unaudited pro forma financial statements, such common stock is assumed to remain outstanding as of the closing date of the
merger. As part of due diligence, MPC was provided with an estimated number of unvested restricted stock units subject to accelerated vesting and cash
settlement, which have been reflected as part of the preliminary purchase consideration. MPC will finalize an allocation of replacement equity award
fair value between the purchase price and post-combination compensation expense once the merger is completed and additional information on
employee stock awards is received.
 

-197-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 211/241

Table of Contents

The total purchase consideration for financial statement purposes will be based on the actual closing price of MPC’s common stock on the closing
date of the merger, which could differ materially from the assumed value.

Based on the above, the total preliminary purchase consideration for the merger is estimated as follows:
 

(in millions, except share and per share information)  Shares   
Per

Share   
Purchase

Consideration 
Cash Consideration (including equity award obligations):    
Cash consideration elected by Andeavor stockholders   22,885,359  $ 152.27  $ 3,485 
Cash payable upon accelerated vesting of Andeavor director restricted stock units   55,634  $ 152.27   8 

     
 

Total Cash Consideration     3,493 
     

 

Stock Consideration:    
MPC shares to be issued and exchanged for Andeavor outstanding shares (1)   239,802,801  $ 71.70   17,194 

     
 

Total Preliminary Purchase Consideration    $ 20,687 
     

 

 
(1) MPC shares to be issued and exchanged was calculated by multiplying the exchange ratio of 1.87 MPC shares for each Andeavor share by the

difference of the 151,122,151 Andeavor shares issued and outstanding as of July 17, 2018 less the 22,885,359 shares to be settled in cash in
accordance with the merger agreement. This result was then multiplied by the closing share price for MPC as of July 17, 2018.

Purchase Consideration Allocation

The total preliminary purchase consideration described above has been allocated to the Andeavor assets acquired and liabilities assumed for
purposes of the unaudited pro forma financial statements, based on their estimated fair values assuming the merger was completed on March 31, 2018.
MPC used a combination of the income, market and cost approaches to form preliminary fair value estimates. These preliminary fair value estimates are
based on discussions with Andeavor’s management, due diligence, preliminary valuation analyses performed by a third-party specialist and reviewed by
MPC, information presented in Andeavor’s SEC filings and other publicly available information. Additionally, the preliminary purchase consideration
valuation reflects certain pro forma adjustments to conform Andeavor’s accounting policies to MPC’s accounting policies. MPC expects that as it
obtains more information the preliminary estimated fair values disclosed below will change and additional accounting policy conforming changes may
be identified. Such changes could have a material effect on the pro forma financial statements.

In addition, the value of the consideration to be paid by MPC upon the consummation of the merger will be determined based on the number of
issued and outstanding shares of Andeavor common stock and the closing price of MPC’s common stock on the closing date of the merger. Accordingly,
the pro forma results and financial position presented herein are preliminary. The preliminary pro forma adjustments have been made solely for the
purpose of providing the unaudited pro forma financial statements.

Upon completion of the merger, a final determination of fair value of Andeavor’s assets and liabilities will be performed. The final purchase
consideration allocation may be materially different than that reflected in the preliminary purchase consideration allocation presented herein. Any
increase or decrease in the fair values of the net assets as compared with the pro forma financial statements may change the amount of the total purchase
consideration allocated to goodwill and other assets and liabilities and may impact the combined company statements of income due to adjustments in
amortization of the adjusted assets or liabilities.

A hypothetical 10% change in the closing price of MPC’s common stock as of July 17, 2018, would have an approximate $1.7 billion impact on
the preliminary purchase consideration and resulting goodwill balance.
 

-198-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 212/241

Table of Contents

The total preliminary purchase consideration was allocated as follows:
 

   
Estimated
Fair Value 

Total current assets   $ 7,052 
Equity method investments    671 
Property, plant and equipment , net    17,541 
Acquired intangibles    2,200 
Other noncurrent assets    433 

    
 

Total assets acquired    27,897 
    

 

Total current liabilities    4,313 
Long-term debt    8,595 
Deferred income taxes    2,019 
Defined benefit postretirement plan obligations    485 
Deferred credits and other liabilities    531 
Noncontrolling interest    4,389 

    
 

Total liabilities and noncontrolling interest assumed    20,332 
    

 

Net assets acquired excluding goodwill    7,565 
Goodwill    13,122 

    
 

Net assets acquired   $ 20,687 
    

 

Refer to Note 3 for additional detail of the pro forma adjustments relating to the preliminary purchase consideration allocation.

NOTE 3—PRO FORMA ADJUSTMENTS

Condensed Consolidated Combined Statements of Income
 

 

(a) The adjustments to sales and other operating revenues are to i) conform accounting policies for motor fuel excise tax imposed on
intersegment purchases and subsequent retail sales of light product by presenting these excise taxes on a gross basis for the three months
ended March 31, 2018; ii) conform accounting policies for motor fuel excise tax imposed on wholesale sales of light product by presenting
these taxes on a gross basis for the year ended December 31, 2017; iii) conform accounting policies for sales tax for the year ended
December 31, 2017 by presenting Andeavor’s sales tax on a gross basis; and iv) eliminate transactions between MPC and Andeavor for
purchases and sales of crude oil, refined products and certain merchandise. Refer to the following table for the adjustments:

 
  

Three Months Ended
March 31, 2018   

Year Ended
December 31, 2017 

Conform motor fuel excise tax accounting policy  $ 236  $ 4,436 
Conform sales tax accounting policy   —     157 
Eliminate transactions between MPC and Andeavor   (65)   (310) 

   
 

   
 

Net Pro Forma Adjustment  $             171  $             4,283 
   

 

   

 

The adjustments to conform accounting policies for motor fuels excise and sales taxes for the three months ended March 31, 2018 and the year
ended December 31, 2017 are different due to both companies adopting ASC 606 as of January 1, 2018. For the year ended December 31,
2017, MPC reported its cost of motor fuel excise and sales taxes in Consumer excise taxes. As such, the motor fuel excise and sales taxes are
reported as a pro forma adjustment in Consumer excise taxes.

 

 
(b) The adjustment conforms accounting policies for the presentation of gains on the sale of renewable fuel identification numbers (“RINs”) by

reclassifying $46 million of Andeavor gains on the sale of RINs to Other income for the three months ended March 31, 2018.
 

-199-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 213/241

Table of Contents

 

(c) The adjustments to cost of revenues are to i) conform accounting policies for motor fuel excise tax imposed on intersegment purchases and
subsequent retail sales of light product by presenting these excise taxes on a gross basis; ii) eliminate transactions between MPC and
Andeavor for purchases and sales of crude oil, refined products and certain merchandise; iii) conform Andeavor’s accounting for turnaround
and major maintenance activities to MPC’s policy (refer to tickmark (bb) for further details); and iv) to conform Andeavor’s accounting for
RINs to MPC’s policy (refer to tickmark (b) for further details). Refer to the following table for the adjustments:

 
  

Three Months Ended
March 31, 2018   

Year Ended
December 31, 2017 

Conform motor fuel excise tax accounting policy  $ 236  $ —   
Eliminate transactions between MPC and Andeavor   (65)   (310) 
Conform turnaround and major maintenance activities accounting policy   205   549 
To conform to MPC’s presentation of gain on sales of RINs   46   —   

   
 

   
 

Net Pro Forma Adjustment  $             422  $             239 
   

 

   

 

 

 

(d) Adjustments to depreciation and amortization reflect i) the elimination of depreciation recorded by Andeavor for deferred costs for planned
turnaround and major maintenance activities to conform accounting policies; ii) incremental depreciation expense resulting from the
recognition of the fair value for property, plant and equipment; and iii) reversing depreciation expense recorded by Western Refining to
conform its useful life estimates to those used by MPC. Based on the information received, MPC estimated a composite property, plant and
equipment useful life range of 16 to 20 years, and selected an average useful life estimate of 18 years for purposes of calculating a pro forma
property, plant and equipment depreciation expense adjustment. Based on the information received, MPC was able to estimate the fair value
of intangible assets. An allocation between finite lived and infinite lived intangibles and useful lives of finite lived intangibles will be
finalized once the acquisition is completed and additional information is received. Refer to the following table for the adjustments:

 

  

Three Months
Ended

March 31,
2018   

Year Ended
December 31,

2017  
Conform turnaround and major maintenance activities accounting policy  $ (78)  $ (302) 
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment step-up adjustment   35   138 
Conform Western Refining’s useful life accounting policy and purchase price amortization   —     (36) 

   
 

   
 

Net Pro Forma Adjustment  $           (43)  $           (200) 
   

 

   

 

 

 
(e) The adjustment eliminates $199 million of transaction costs incurred by Andeavor in connection with its Western Refining acquisition for

the year ended December 31, 2017.
 

-200-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 214/241

Table of Contents

 

(f) Adjustment to interest expense to reflect the following: i) reverse the amortization of Andeavor’s historical debt issuance cost and original
issue discounts; ii) amortize the fair value adjustments over the weighted average remaining term of Andeavor’s and Western Refining’s
outstanding debt, respectively; and iii) additional interest expense for the debt refinancing related to Andeavor’s acquisition of Western
Refining. Refer to tickmark (bb) for a discussion of the debt fair value adjustment.

 

  

Three Months
Ended

March 31,
2018   

Year Ended
December 31,

2017  
Eliminate Andeavor debt issuance and original issue discount costs  $ (2)  $ (9) 
Andeavor debt fair value amortization adjustment   2   10 
Western Refining debt fair value amortization adjustment   —     2 
Western Refining acquisition-related debt refinancing interest expense   —     41 

   
 

   
 

Net Pro Forma Adjustment  $           —    $             44 
   

 

   

 

 

 
(g) To record the tax effect on pro forma adjustments at the statutory rates of 23.5% for the three months ended March 31, 2018 and 37.5% for

the year ended December 31, 2017. The goodwill recorded in connection with the merger is not tax deductible.
 

 (h) Pro forma weighted average shares are calculated as follows:
 

  

Three Months
Ended

March  31,
2018    

Year Ended
December 31,

2017  
Basic:    
MPC historical weighted average shares                   476                    507 
MPC estimated incremental shares issued (Note 2)   240    240 

   
 

    
 

Pro forma weighted average shares   716    747 
   

 

    

 

Diluted:    
MPC historical weighted average shares   480    512 
MPC estimated incremental shares issued (Note 2)   240    240 
Dilutive effect of issuance of MPC shares in exchange for Andeavor equity award shares   2    2 

   
 

    
 

Pro forma weighted average shares   722    754 
   

 

    

 

 
-201-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 215/241

Table of Contents

Condensed Consolidated Combined Balance Sheet

(aa) The adjustment to cash and cash equivalents reflects i) the $3.5 billion cash payment made as part of the purchase consideration; ii) an
estimated $8 million payment associated with the accelerated vesting of Andeavor’s director restricted stock units; and iii) approximately
$1 billion of short-term borrowings under MPC’s revolving credit facility, trade accounts receivable facility or commercial paper program to
partially fund the cash portion of the purchase price. MPC expects to use operating cash flow to repay the approximately $1 billion in short-term
borrowings within twelve months following the closing of the merger. As the interest expense associated with the short-term borrowings is not
expected to have a continuing impact on the results of operations, a pro forma adjustment to interest expense was not recorded. MPC’s actual
funding of the cash consideration and repayment of any related borrowings may materially differ from expectations. Refer to the table below for
adjustments made to cash and cash equivalents:

 

   

As of
March 31,

2018  
Increases to Cash—Sources   
Adjustment to cash for short-term borrowings   $ 1,000 

    
 

Reductions to Cash—Uses   
Payment of the cash portion of the purchase consideration    (3,485) 
Cash payable upon accelerated vesting of Andeavor director restricted stock units    (8) 
Payment of estimated transaction costs associated with the merger    (133) 

    
 

Net Pro Forma Adjustment   $             (2,626) 
    

 

(bb) The following table reflects Andeavor’s historical balance sheet as of March 31, 2018 as adjusted i) for the expensing of deferred costs for
major maintenance activities and planned turnarounds to conform accounting policies (MPC expenses these costs as incurred whereas Andeavor
defers costs for major maintenance activities and amortizes them over their useful life); and ii) the preliminary purchase consideration allocation
adjustments to record Andeavor’s assets and liabilities at fair value.

 
  As of March 31, 2018:  

  
Historical
Andeavor  

Turnaround
and Major

Maintenance
Activities

Accounting
Policy Change  

Preliminary
Purchase

Consideration
Adjustments   

Andeavor
Preliminary

Purchase
Consideration

Allocation  
Total current assets (1)  $ 6,176  $ —    $ 876  $ 7,052 
Equity method investments (2)   671   —     —     671 
Property, plant and equipment, net   15,057   —     2,484   17,541 
Other noncurrent assets (2)   3,370   (1,119)   382   2,633 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Total assets acquired   25,274   (1,119)   3,742   27,897 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Total current liabilities   4,313   —     —     4,313 
Long-term debt (3)   8,386   —     209   8,595 
Deferred income taxes (4)   1,656   (263)   626   2,019 
Defined benefit postretirement plan obligations   485   —     —     485 
Deferred credits and other liabilities   531   —     —     531 
Noncontrolling interest   3,521   —     868   4,389 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Total liabilities and noncontrolling interest assumed   18,892   (263)   1,703   20,332 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Net assets acquired excluding goodwill   6,382   (856)   2,039   7,565 
Goodwill (5)   3,250   —     9,872   13,122 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Net assets acquired  $ 9,632  $ (856)  $ 11,911  $ 20,687 
   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

 
-202-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 216/241

Table of Contents

 
1) The preliminary purchase consideration adjustment of $876 million is to reverse Andeavor’s LIFO reserve as of March 31, 2018 as an

approximation of fair value.
 

 
2) The $382 million other noncurrent assets preliminary purchase consideration adjustment includes a $470 million step-up for acquired

intangible assets and a reduction of $88 million to eliminate deferred costs for which MPC does not expect to receive a benefit.
 

 

3) Upon closing the merger, all of Andeavor’s and its consolidated subsidiaries’ indebtedness will be reported as consolidated indebtedness of
MPC. The unaudited pro forma financial statements include adjustments to debt of $209 million to reflect (1) the elimination of the
unamortized debt issuance costs and original issue discounts of $111 million and (2) an incremental fair market value adjustment of
$98 million to record Andeavor’s debt at fair value. The fair value of debt was based on prices from recent trade activity.

 

 
4) The deferred tax liability resulting from the preliminary purchase consideration allocation and accounting policy change adjustments are

recorded at the statutory rate of 23.5%.
 

 

5) MPC evaluated several factors that contributed to the amount of goodwill presented above. These factors include the acquisition of an
existing integrated refining, marketing and logistics business with an assembled workforce that cannot be duplicated at the same costs by a
new entrant along with the synergies MPC expects to realize from an enhanced platform for future growth, procurement savings, cost
reductions and operating efficiencies MPC expects to gain from the application of best practices across the combined company.

(cc) The adjustments reflect the reversal of Andeavor’s historical equity accounts and the additional paid in capital balance resulting from MPC’s
issuance of common stock valued at $20.7 billion. Additionally, we used information obtained during due diligence to estimate a $35 million
impact to retained earnings due to changes in equity award service periods resulting from the merger. As this estimated cost is due to a one-time
change in service periods, it is not reflected in the pro forma income statements.

 
-203-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 217/241

Table of Contents

NOTE 4—Andeavor Historical Financial Statement Presentation

The historical financial statement information of Andeavor was derived from the audited consolidated financial statements included in Andeavor’s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 and the unaudited consolidated financial statements included in Andeavor’s
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended March 31, 2018. The following reclassifications to the historical Andeavor financial
statement presentation have been made to align the presentation of Andeavor’s financial statement amounts with MPC’s financial statement amounts in
the accompanying unaudited pro forma financial statements:
 

Unaudited Condensed Statement of Income
For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2018:  

  
Historical
Andeavor   

Reclassifications
to MPC

Presentation   

Historical
Andeavor

as presented 
Revenues and other income:    

Sales and other operating revenues   $ 10,341  $ 10,341 
Revenues  $ 10,300   (10,300)   —   
Sales to related parties   —     1   1 
Income from equity method investments   —     10   10 
Net gain on disposal of assets   —     —     —   
Other income   —     3   3 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Total revenues and other income   10,300   55   10,355 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Costs and expenses:    
Cost of revenues (excludes items below)   —     9,393   9,393 
Cost of materials and other (excluding items below)   8,609   (8,609)   —   
Operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization)   866   (866)   —   
Purchases from related parties   —     27   27 
Depreciation & amortization   282   —     282 
Selling, general and administrative expenses   173   25   198 
Other taxes   —     72   72 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Total costs and expenses   9,930   42   9,972 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Income from operations   370   13   383 
Net interest and other financial costs   102   (7)   95 
Equity in earnings of equity method investments   10   (10)   —   
Other income, net   10   (10)   —   

   
 

   
 

   
 

Income before income taxes   288   —     288 
Provision for income taxes   59   —     59 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Net income   229   —     229 
Less net income attributable to:    
Redeemable noncontrolling interest   —     —     —   
Noncontrolling interests   65   —     65 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Net income attributable to Andeavor  $            164  $             —    $             164 
   

 

   

 

   

 

 
-204-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 218/241

Table of Contents

Unaudited Condensed Statement of Income
For the Year Ended December 31, 2017:  

  
Historical
Andeavor   

Reclassifications
to MPC

Presentation   

Historical
Andeavor

as presented  
Revenues and other income:    

Sales and other operating revenues   $ 35,140  $ 35,140 
Revenues  $ 34,975   (34,975)   —   
Sales to related parties   —     1   1 
Income from equity method investments   —     23   23 
Net gain on disposal of assets   —     15   15 
Other income   —     6   6 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Total revenues and other income   34,975   210   35,185 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Costs and expenses:    
Cost of revenues (excludes items below)   —     30,556   30,556 
Cost of materials and other (excluding items below)   28,480   (28,480)   —   
Operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization)   3,182   (3,182)   —   
Purchases from related parties   —     118   118 
Consumer excise tax   —     771   771 
Depreciation & amortization   1,021   40   1,061 
Selling, general and administrative expenses   742   154   896 
Loss on asset disposals and impairments   25   (25)   —   
Other taxes   —     229   229 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Total costs and expenses   33,450   181   33,631 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Income from operations   1,525   29   1,554 
Net interest and other financial costs   439   —     439 
Equity in earnings of equity method investments   23   (23)   —   
Other income, net   6   (6)   —   

   
 

   
 

   
 

Income before income taxes   1,115   —     1,115 
Benefit for income taxes   (560)   —     (560) 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Net income   1,675   —     1,675 
Less net income attributable to:    
Redeemable noncontrolling interest   —     —     —   
Noncontrolling interests   155   —     155 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Net income attributable to Andeavor  $        1,520  $             —    $            1,520 
   

 

   

 

   

 

 
-205-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 219/241

Table of Contents

Unaudited Balance Sheet
As of March 31, 2018:  

  
Historical
Andeavor  

Reclassifications
to MPC

Presentation   

RFS and Other
Compliance

Reclassification(1)  

Historical
Andeavor

as
presented  

Assets     
Current assets:     

Cash and cash equivalents  $ 433  $ —    $ —    $ 433 
Receivables, less allowance for doubtful accounts   1,934   —     —     1,934 
Inventories   3,484   —     —     3,484 
Prepayments and other current assets   558   (558)   —     —   
Other current assets   —     558   (233)   325 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Total current assets   6,409   —     (233)   6,176 
Equity method investments   —     671   —     671 
Property, plant and equipment, net   15,057   —     —     15,057 
Goodwill   3,250   —     —     3,250 
Acquired intangibles, net   1,730   (1,730)   —     —   
Other noncurrent assets   2,395   1,059   (84)   3,370 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Total assets  $ 28,841  $ —    $ (317)  $ 28,524 
   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

Liabilities     
Current liabilities:     

Accounts payable  $ 3,049  $ —    $ —    $ 3,049 
Debt due within one year   347   —     —     347 
Other current liabilities   1,150   —     (233)   917 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Total current liabilities   4,546   —     (233)   4,313 
Long-term debt   8,386   —     —     8,386 
Deferred income taxes   1,656   —     —     1,656 
Defined benefit postretirement plan obligations   —     485   —     485 
Deferred credits and other liabilities   —     615   (84)   531 
Other noncurrent liabilities   1,100   (1,100)   —     —   

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Total liabilities   15,688   —     (317)   15,371 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Commitments and contingencies     
Redeemable noncontrolling interest     
Equity     
MPC stockholders’ equity:     

Preferred stock, no shares issued and outstanding   —     —     —     —   
Common stock:     

Issued   33   —     —     33 
Held in treasury   (3,120)   —     —     (3,120) 

Additional paid-in capital   5,256   —     —     5,256 
Retained earnings   7,715   —     —     7,715 
Accumulated other comprehensive loss   (252)   —     —     (252) 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Total MPC stockholders’ equity   9,632   —     —     9,632 
Noncontrolling interests   3,521   —     —     3,521 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Total equity   13,153   —     —     13,153 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Total liabilities, redeemable noncontrolling interest and equity  $ 28,841  $ —    $ (317)  $ 28,524 
   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

 
1) To conform to MPC’s presentation of assets and liability balances related to the Renewable Fuels Standard (“RFS”) and other environmental

compliance programs. MPC records these assets and obligations on a net basis.

The historical financial statement information of Western for the three months ended March 31, 2017 and the two months ended May 31, 2017 was
derived from the unaudited financial information included in exhibits to Current Reports on Form 8-K/A filed by Andeavor on July 20, 2017 and on
Form 8-K filed by Andeavor on November 13, 2017. Andeavor acquired Western Refining on June 1, 2017 and Western Refining financial statement
information is included as part of the Andeavor historical financial statement information beginning on June 1, 2017. The following reclassifications to
the historical Andeavor presentation of Western Refining’s
 

-206-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 220/241

Table of Contents

financial statement information have been made to align the presentation of Western Refining’s financial statement information amounts with MPC’s
financial statement amounts in the accompanying unaudited pro forma financial statements:

Unaudited Condensed Statement of Income
For the Five Month Period Ended May 31, 2017

 

  

Three Months
Ended

March 31, 2017
Western
Refining

Historical   

Two Months
Ended

May 31, 2017
Western
Refining

Historical   

Reclassifications
to MPC

Presentation   

Historical
Western as
presented  

Revenues and other income:     
Sales and other operating revenues    $ 4,022  $ 4,022 
Revenues  $ 2,329  $ 1,693   (4,022)   —   
Income from equity method investments   —     —     9   9 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Total revenues and other income   2,329   1,693   9   4,031 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Costs and expenses:     
Cost of revenues (excludes items below)   —     —     3,771   3,771 
Cost of materials and other (excluding items below)   1,914   1,372   (3,286)   —   
Operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization)   232   163   (395)   —   
Maintenance turnaround expense   3   33   (36)   —   
Depreciation & amortization   57   37   —     94 
Selling, general and administrative expenses   59   39   (39)   59 
Merger and reorganization cost   11   5   (16)   —   
Gain on asset disposals and impairments   —     —     —     —   
Other taxes   —     —     —     —   

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Total costs and expenses   2,276   1,649   (1)   3,924 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Income from operations   53   44   10   107 
Net interest and other financial costs   34   23   1   58 
Equity in earnings of equity method investments   —     —     —     —   
Other income, net   7   2   (9)   —   

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Income before income taxes   26   23   —     49 
Provision for income taxes   5   8   —     13 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Net income   21   15   —     36 
Less net income attributable to:     
Redeemable noncontrolling interest   —     —     —     —   
Noncontrolling interests   9   6   —     15 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Net income attributable to Andeavor  $             12  $             9  $             —    $            21 
   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

 
-207-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 221/241

Table of Contents

DIRECTORS OF MPC FOLLOWING THE MERGER

If the MPC board size COI amendment proposal is approved by MPC stockholders, following the merger, the MPC board will be comprised of up
to 14 directors. Pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement, MPC will use its reasonable best efforts promptly after the effective time to cause the
MPC board to be comprised of:
 

 
•  ten directors selected by MPC, who initially will be Gary R. Heminger, Abdulaziz F. Alkhayyal, Evan Bayh, Charles E. Bunch, Steven A.

Davis, Donna A. James, James E. Rohr, Frank M. Semple, J. Michael Stice and John P. Surma; and
 

 
•  four current members of the Andeavor board who will be identified by Andeavor between April 29, 2018 and prior to the closing date of the

merger.

Should the MPC board size COI amendment proposal not be approved, two directors of MPC’s current board will resign in order to appoint the
four Andeavor appointees.
 

-208-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 222/241

Table of Contents

COMPARISON OF STOCKHOLDERS’ RIGHTS

This section describes the material differences between the rights of holders of shares of Andeavor common stock and the rights of holders of
shares of MPC common stock. Andeavor and MPC are each incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware and, accordingly, the rights of
Andeavor stockholders and MPC stockholders are both governed by the laws of the State of Delaware. The differences between the rights of Andeavor
stockholders and MPC stockholders primarily result from differences between the governing documents of Andeavor and MPC. As a result of the
merger, holders of shares of Andeavor common stock that elect to receive stock consideration in respect of their shares of Andeavor common stock, or
that elect to receive only cash consideration in respect of their shares of Andeavor common stock and, as a result of the allocation and proration
procedures set forth in the merger agreement, receive part or all of their per share merger consideration as stock consideration, will become holders of
shares of MPC common stock. Thus, following the merger, the rights of Andeavor stockholders who become MPC stockholders in the merger will
continue to be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, and will also then be governed by the MPC certificate of incorporation and the MPC
bylaws.

This section does not include a complete description of all differences among the rights of Andeavor stockholders and MPC stockholders, nor
does it include a complete description of the specific rights referred to below. Furthermore, the description of some of the differences in these rights in
this section is not intended to indicate that other differences that may be equally important do not exist. All Andeavor stockholders and MPC
stockholders are urged to read carefully the relevant provisions of the DGCL, as well as each company’s governing documents; this summary is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of each of the MPC certificate of incorporation, the MPC bylaws, the MPC corporate governance
principles, the Andeavor certificate of incorporation, the Andeavor bylaws and the Andeavor corporate governance guidelines. See the section entitled
“Where You Can Find More Information” beginning on page 236 for information on how to obtain a copy of these documents.
 

Andeavor Stockholders   MPC Stockholders
Authorized Capital Stock

Andeavor is authorized to issue 305,000,000 shares, divided into two classes
consisting of:   

MPC is authorized to issue 1,030,000,000 shares, divided into two
classes consisting of:

1.  300,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.16  2⁄3; and   1.  1,000,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.01; and

2.  5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, with no par value.   2.  30,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.01.

The Andeavor board is authorized to issue the preferred stock in one or more
series.

  

The MPC board is authorized to issue the preferred stock in one or
more series.
 

If the MPC authorized stock COI amendment proposal is approved by
MPC stockholders, MPC will be authorized to issue 2,000,000,000
shares of common stock.

Voting Rights
Each holder of Andeavor common stock is entitled to one vote for each share
of common stock held of record by the stockholder on the record date for any
action, on all matters on which the stockholders are entitled to vote.

  

Each holder of MPC common stock is entitled to one vote for each
share of common stock held of record by the stockholder on the record
date for any action, on all matters on which the stockholders are
entitled to vote.

 
-209-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 223/241

Table of Contents

Andeavor Stockholders   MPC Stockholders
Quorum and Adjournment

The Andeavor bylaws provide that, at any meeting of the stockholders, the
holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock of Andeavor
having voting power with respect to a subject matter (excluding shares held
by Andeavor for its own account) present or represented by proxy will
constitute a quorum for the transaction of business with respect to such
subject matter, except that if the subject matter is one as to which a higher
vote is required under the Andeavor certificate of incorporation or Delaware
law, then the holders of that number of shares equal to at least that higher
number of outstanding shares of Andeavor stock having voting power with
respect to such subject matter (excluding shares held by Andeavor for its own
account) present or represented by proxy will constitute a quorum at the
meeting of stockholders with respect to such subject matter.

  

The MPC bylaws provide that, except as provided in the MPC
certificate of incorporation or Delaware law, at each meeting of the
stockholders, the presence in person or by proxy of holders of a
majority of the outstanding shares of common stock of MPC entitled to
vote at the meeting will be necessary and sufficient to constitute a
quorum and the holders of stock of MPC so present and entitled to vote
at any duly convened meeting at which the necessary quorum has been
ascertained may continue to transact business until that meeting
adjourns notwithstanding any withdrawal from that meeting of shares
counted in determining the existence of that quorum. Shares
represented by broker non-votes shall be considered present at the
meeting for purposes of determining quorum. Shares of MPC stock
held in treasury by MPC will be neither entitled to vote nor counted for
quorum purposes.

The Andeavor bylaws provide that the presiding person of any annual or
special meeting will have the power to adjourn or recess the meeting for any
reason from time to time and place to place. The Andeavor bylaws further
provide that in the absence of a quorum with respect to a particular subject
matter, the presiding person of the meeting will have the power to adjourn or
recess the meeting from time to time, without notice other than an
announcement at the meeting stating the time, place, if any, thereof, and the
means of remote communication, if any, until a quorum is present with
respect to that subject matter.

  

The MPC bylaws provide that any meeting of stockholders, annual or
special, may be adjourned from time to time by the chairman of the
board or other director or officer presiding over the meeting or by the
stockholders representing a majority of the shares present, in person or
by proxy, entitled to vote on any matter brought before the meeting,
whether or not a quorum is present. The MPC bylaws further provide
that the meeting may reconvene at the same or some other place, and
notice need not be given of any such adjourned meeting if the time and
place thereof, and the means of remote communications, if any, by
which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present
and vote at such adjourned meeting are announced at the meeting at
which the adjournment is taken.

Number of Directors and Composition of Board of Directors
The Andeavor bylaws provide for a minimum of three directors. Neither the
Andeavor certificate of incorporation nor bylaws provide for a maximum
number of directors. The exact number of directors is fixed by the Andeavor
board from time to time. The Andeavor corporate governance guidelines state
that the Andeavor board should have no less than five directors, with a
“desired range” of five to 12 directors. There are currently 12 directors on the
Andeavor board.

  

The MPC certificate of incorporation provides for a minimum of three
directors and a maximum of 12 directors. The exact number of
directors is fixed by the MPC board from time to time, and may be
increased or decreased from time to time exclusively by the affirmative
vote of a majority of the directors then in office. There are currently
10 directors on the MPC board.
 

If the MPC board size COI amendment is approved by MPC
stockholders, the size of the MPC board will be increased to 14
directors.

 
-210-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 224/241

Table of Contents

Andeavor Stockholders   MPC Stockholders

The Andeavor corporate governance guidelines require a “substantial
majority” of the Andeavor board to be made up of “independent” directors,
meaning they have no material relationship with the company, are in
compliance with the definition of an “independent” director in the listing
standards of the NYSE and are a “non-employee director” for purposes of
Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act.   

The MPC corporate governance principles require a “majority” of the
MPC board to be made up of “independent” directors, meaning they
have no material relationship with the company.

Election of Directors
The Andeavor bylaws provide that all directors will hold office until the next
annual meeting of Andeavor stockholders and until his or her successor is
elected and qualified, subject to prior resignation, death or removal as
provided by law.

  

The MPC certificate of incorporation provides that the directors will be
divided into three classes as nearly equal in size as practicable. Each
director will serve for a three year term expiring on the date of the third
annual meeting of stockholders following the annual meeting at which
the director was elected. Each director will hold office until his or her
term expires and will serve until his or her successor is elected and
qualified, subject to prior resignation, death or removal.

The Andeavor bylaws provide that each director will be elected by the vote of
a majority of votes cast at any meeting of stockholders at which directors are
to be elected at which a quorum is present except that the directors will be
elected by the vote of a plurality of votes cast on the election of directors at
any meeting of stockholders for which the number of nominees exceeds the
number of directors to be elected as of a date that is 10 days in advance of the
date that Andeavor files its definitive proxy statement with the SEC.

  

The MPC bylaws provide that each director will be elected by the vote
of a majority of votes cast by the stockholders entitled to vote at any
meeting for the election of directors at which a quorum is present,
except that the directors shall be elected by the vote of a plurality of the
votes cast by stockholders entitled to vote if, as of the date that is 10
days in advance of the date MPC first mails its notice for such meeting
to stockholders, the number of nominees exceeds the number of
directors to be elected.

Qualification of Directors
The Andeavor bylaws provide that any director who attains the age of 75
years while serving as a director must promptly thereafter tender a resignation
as a director for consideration by the Andeavor board.

  

The MPC bylaws provide that no person shall stand for election or
re-election, or be nominated to stand for election or re-election, to the
MPC board if such person has attained or will attain the age of 72 prior
to the date of election or re-election. The MPC bylaws further provide
that any director elected or re-elected who attains the age of 72 during
a term to which he or she was elected or re-elected shall continue to
serve for the expiration of his or her term or until his or her earlier
death, resignation or removal.
 

The MPC certificate of incorporation provides that at no time shall
more than the minority of directors necessary to constitute a quorum be
non-U.S. citizens.

 
-211-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 225/241

Table of Contents

Andeavor Stockholders   MPC Stockholders

Filling Vacancies on the Board of Directors
The Andeavor bylaws provide that any vacancy on the Andeavor board
caused by resignation, removal, death or otherwise, and any newly created
directorships resulting from an increase in the number of directors, will be
filled by the vote of a majority of the remaining directors, even though less
than a quorum.   

The MPC certificate of incorporation and the MPC bylaws provide that
any vacancy on the MPC board caused by resignation, removal, death
or otherwise, and any newly created directorships resulting from an
increase in the number of directors, will be filled by the vote of a
majority of the remaining directors, even though less than a quorum.

Removal of Directors
The Andeavor bylaws allow for removal of any director with or without cause
at any time by the affirmative vote of stockholders of record holding a
majority of the outstanding shares of Andeavor stock then entitled to vote in
elections of directors at a meeting of Andeavor stockholders called for such
purpose.

  

The MPC certificate of incorporation provides that directors may be
removed from office only by the Court of Chancery pursuant to
Section 225(c) of the DGCL or for cause by the vote of the holders of
at least 80% of the outstanding shares of MPC stock. The MPC
certificate of incorporation provides that cause exists if the director:
 

•  has been convicted, or has been granted immunity to testify in any
proceeding in which another has been convicted, of a felony by a
court of competent jurisdiction and that conviction is no longer
subject to direct appeal;

 

•  has been found to have been grossly negligent or guilty of
misconduct in the performance of his or her duties to MPC in any
matter of substantial importance to MPC by a court of competent
jurisdiction; or

 

•  has been adjudicated by a court of competent jurisdiction to be
mentally incompetent, which mental incompetency directly affects
his or her ability to serve as a director of MPC.

Director Nominations by Stockholders
The Andeavor bylaws provide that a stockholder must give advance written
notice to the Secretary of Andeavor of a director nomination to be considered
at an annual meeting, or at a special meeting at which the Andeavor board has
determined that directors are to be elected.   

The MPC bylaws provide that a stockholder must give advance written
notice to the Secretary of MPC of a director nomination to be
considered at an annual meeting, or at a special meeting at which the
MPC board has determined that directors are to be elected.

With respect to nominations to be considered at an annual meeting, the notice
must be in writing, meet the requirements of the Andeavor bylaws, and be
delivered not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day and not later
than the close of business on the 90th day prior to the first anniversary date of
the annual meeting   

With respect to nominations to be considered at an annual meeting, the
notice must be in writing, meet the requirements of the MPC bylaws,
and be delivered not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day
and not later than the close of business on the 90th day prior to the first
anniversary date of the

 
-212-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 226/241

Table of Contents

Andeavor Stockholders   MPC Stockholders
for the preceding year, except that if the annual meeting is more than 30 days
before or more than 60 days after such anniversary date, or if no annual
meeting was held in the preceding year, notice by the stockholder must be
delivered not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to the
date of such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the
later of:   

date on which MPC first mailed proxy materials for the immediately
preceding annual meeting, except that if:

•  the 90th day prior to the date of such annual meeting; or

  

•  the scheduled date of the annual meeting for which the nomination
is to be considered differs from the first anniversary date of the
immediately preceding annual meeting by more than 30 days,
notice by such stockholder, to be timely, must be so delivered or
received by the 90th day prior to the date of such annual meeting;
or if the first public announcement of the date of such annual
meeting is less than 100 days prior to the date of such annual
meeting, the 10th day following the earlier of the day on which
such notice was mailed to stockholders or public announcement is
first made by MPC;

•  if the first public announcement of the date of such annual meeting is
less than 100 days prior to the date of such annual meeting, the 10th day
following the day on which such public announcement is first made by
Andeavor.

  

•  the number of directors to be elected to the board at such annual
meeting is increased and there is no prior notice or public
disclosure by MPC naming all of the nominees for director or
specifying the size of the increased board at least 100 days prior to
the anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual meeting,
a stockholder’s notice required shall also be considered timely, but
only with respect to nominees for any new positions created by
such increase, if delivered to MPC’s principal executive office not
later than the close of business on the 10th day following the
earlier of the day on which the notice of such meeting was mailed
to stockholders or the day on which such public disclosure was
made.

In the event that the number of directors to be elected to the Andeavor board
at an annual meeting is increased by the Andeavor board effective after the
time period for which nominations would otherwise be due as described
above, and there is no public announcement by Andeavor naming all of the
nominees for director or specifying the size of the increased board at least 10
days prior to the last day a stockholder would otherwise be permitted to
deliver a notice as described above, a stockholder’s notice will be considered
timely, but only with respect to nominees for any new positions created by
such increase, if it is delivered to the Secretary of Andeavor at Andeavor’s
principal executive offices not later than the close of business on the 10th day
following the day on which such public announcement is first made by
Andeavor.   
 

-213-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 227/241

Table of Contents

Andeavor Stockholders   MPC Stockholders

With respect to nominations to be considered at a special meeting at which
the Andeavor board has determined that directors are to be elected, the notice
must be in writing, meet the requirements of the Andeavor bylaws, and be
delivered not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day and not later
than the close of business on the 90th day prior to the date of such special
meeting, or if the first public announcement of the date of such special
meeting is less than 100 days prior to the date of such special meeting, the
close of business on the 10th day following the day on which such public
announcement (including announcement of the nominees proposed by the
Andeavor board to be elected at such meeting) is first made by Andeavor.

  

With respect to nominations to be considered at a special meeting at
which the MPC board has determined that directors are to be elected,
the notice must be in writing, meet the requirements of the MPC
bylaws, and be delivered not earlier than the close of business on the
120th day and not later than the close of business on the 90th day prior
to the date of such special meeting, or if less than 100 days’ prior
notice or public disclosure of the scheduled meeting date is given or
made, notice by such stockholder, to be timely, must be so delivered or
received not later than the close of business on the 10th day following
the earlier of the day on which the notice of such meeting was mailed
to stockholders or the day on which such public disclosure was made.

Proxy Access
The Andeavor bylaws contain proxy access provisions providing that
Andeavor stockholders may deliver a notice to the Secretary of Andeavor of
nominees for election as directors at an annual meeting to be included in
Andeavor’s proxy materials for such annual meeting, provided that certain
conditions set forth in Andeavor’s bylaws are satisfied.   

The MPC bylaws contain proxy access provisions providing that MPC
stockholders may deliver a notice to the Secretary of MPC of nominees
for election as directors at an annual meeting to be included in MPC’s
proxy materials for such annual meeting, provided that certain
conditions set forth in the MPC bylaws are satisfied.

In order for a stockholder nominee to be included in Andeavor’s proxy
materials for an annual meeting, a nomination notice meeting the
requirements of Andeavor’s bylaws must be delivered by an “eligible
stockholder” (as described below) not earlier than the close of business on the
150th day and not later than the close of business on the 120th day prior to the
first anniversary of the date the definitive proxy statement was first released
to Andeavor stockholders in connection with the preceding year’s annual
meeting of stockholders, except that in the event the annual meeting is more
than 30 days before or 60 days after the anniversary date of the preceding
year’s annual meeting, or if no annual meeting of stockholders was held in
the preceding year, the nomination notice must be delivered not earlier than
the close of business on the 120th day prior to the date of such annual meeting
and not later than the close of business on the later of:
 

•  the 90th day prior to the date of such annual meeting; or
 

•  if the first public announcement of the date of such annual meeting is
less than 100 days prior to the date of such annual meeting, the 10th day
following the day on which such public announcement is first made by
Andeavor.   

In order for a stockholder nominee to be included in MPC’s proxy
materials for an annual meeting, a nomination notice meeting the
requirements of MPC’s bylaws must be delivered by an “eligible
stockholder” (as described below) not earlier than the close of business
on the 150th day and not later than the close of business on the 120th
day prior to the first anniversary of the date the proxy materials were
first mailed to MPC stockholders in connection with the preceding
year’s annual meeting of stockholders.

 
-214-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 228/241

Table of Contents

Andeavor Stockholders   MPC Stockholders

An “eligible stockholder” is an Andeavor stockholder (or a group of no more
than 20 stockholders) who has continuously owned for at least three years
that number of shares of Andeavor common stock that constitutes 3% or more
of outstanding Andeavor common stock as of the time of delivery of the
nomination notice. Such stockholder must also own shares of Andeavor
common stock satisfying such requirements through the time of the annual
meeting in order to be an eligible stockholder.

  

An “eligible stockholder” is an MPC stockholder (or a group of no
more than 20 stockholders) who has continuously owned for at least
three years that number of shares of MPC common stock that
constitutes 3% or more of outstanding MPC common stock as of the
time of delivery of the nomination notice. Such stockholder must also
own shares of MPC common stock satisfying such requirements
through the time of the annual meeting in order to be an eligible
stockholder.

The number of stockholder nominees appearing in the proxy materials with
respect to an annual meeting of stockholders shall not exceed the greater of
two or 20% of the number of directors in office as of the last day on which a
nomination notice may be delivered.   

The number of stockholder nominees appearing in the proxy materials
with respect to an annual meeting of stockholders shall not exceed the
greater of two or 20% of the number of directors in office as of the last
day on which a nomination notice may be delivered.

Action by Stockholders
The Andeavor bylaws provide that when a quorum is present or represented
at any meeting of Andeavor stockholders, the affirmative vote of the holders
of a majority of the shares present in person or represented by proxy at a
stockholder meeting and entitled to vote on the subject matter will be the act
of the stockholders in all matters, except where Delaware law, the Andeavor
certificate of incorporation or bylaws, the rules or regulations of any stock
exchange applicable to Andeavor, or any law or regulation applicable to
Andeavor or its securities provide for a different or minimum vote, in which
case such different or minimum vote will be the act of the stockholders on the
matter.

  

The MPC bylaws provide that when a quorum is present or represented
at any meeting of MPC stockholders, the affirmative vote of the
holders of a majority of the shares present in person or represented by
proxy at a stockholder meeting and entitled to vote on the subject
matter (including shares subject to broker non-votes) will be the act of
the stockholders in all matters, except where Delaware law, the MPC
certificate of incorporation or bylaws, the rules or regulations of any
stock exchange applicable to MPC, or any law or regulation applicable
to MPC or its securities provide for a different or minimum vote, in
which case such different or minimum vote will be the act of the
stockholders on the matter.

The Andeavor bylaws provide that stockholders may authorize or take
corporate action by written consent if a stockholder of record requests, by
written notice to the Andeavor secretary, that the Andeavor board fix a record
date with respect to such action. Upon receipt of such a request, the Andeavor
board is required to promptly, and in all events within 10 days after the date
on which such notice is received, adopt a resolution fixing the record date. If
no record date is fixed by the Andeavor board, the record date will be the first
date after the expiration of such 10 day time period on which a signed written
consent setting forth the action proposed to be taken is delivered to Andeavor.
In order for the corporate action so proposed to be authorized or taken,
written consents representing a sufficient number   

The MPC certificate of incorporation provides that any action required
or permitted to be taken by the stockholders of MPC must be effected
at an annual or special meeting of stockholders of MPC and may not be
effected by any consent in writing by those stockholders.

 
-215-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 229/241

Table of Contents

Andeavor Stockholders   MPC Stockholders
of stockholders to take such action must be delivered to Andeavor within 60
days after the earliest dated written consent received by Andeavor with
respect to such action.   

Under Article VII of the Andeavor certificate of incorporation, an affirmative
vote of at least four-fifths of the outstanding shares of Andeavor stock entitled
to vote in elections of directors, voting as one class, is necessary to approve
any of the following transactions with any person or entity who is, or at any
time within the preceding 12 months has been, the beneficial owner of 10%
or more of the outstanding shares of stock of Andeavor entitled to vote in
elections of directors:
 

•  the adoption of an agreement for the merger or consolidation of
Andeavor or any Andeavor subsidiary with or into any such person or
entity (except to the extent that a majority of the Andeavor directors
voting in favor of such action were members of the Andeavor board
prior to the time such person or entity became the beneficial owner of
10% or more of the outstanding shares of stock of Andeavor entitled to
vote in elections of directors);

 

•  the authorization of any disposition to any such person or entity of all or
substantially all of the assets of Andeavor or any Andeavor subsidiary,
or any part of such assets having a fair market value equal to or greater
than 50% of the fair market value of Andeavor’s and its subsidiaries’
total assets (except to the extent that a majority of the Andeavor
directors voting in favor of such action were members of the Andeavor
board prior to the time such person or entity became the beneficial
owner of 10% or more of the outstanding shares of stock of Andeavor
entitled to vote in elections of directors);

 

•  the authorization of the issuance or transfer by Andeavor or any
Andeavor subsidiary of any voting securities of Andeavor or any
Andeavor subsidiary in exchange or payment for the securities or assets
of any such person or entity (except to the extent that a majority of the
Andeavor directors voting in favor of such action were members of the
Andeavor board prior to the time such person or entity became the
beneficial owner of 10% or more of the outstanding shares of stock of
Andeavor entitled to vote in elections of directors); or   

 
-216-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 230/241

Table of Contents

Andeavor Stockholders   MPC Stockholders
 

•  the adoption of any plan for the dissolution of Andeavor, if the Andeavor
board has not, by resolution, recommended the adoption of such plan of
dissolution to the stockholders.   

Stockholder Proposals
The Andeavor bylaws provide that a stockholder must give advance written
notice to the Secretary of Andeavor of any proposal for business to be
transacted at an annual meeting or a special meeting. The Andeavor bylaws
do not provide for submission of stockholder proposals for consideration at
special meetings.   

The MPC bylaws provide that a stockholder must give advance written
notice to the Secretary of MPC of any proposal for business to be
transacted at an annual meeting or a special meeting. The MPC bylaws
do not provide for submission of stockholder proposals for
consideration at special meetings.

With respect to business to be transacted at an annual meeting, the notice
must be in writing, meet the requirements of the Andeavor bylaws, and be
received not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day and not later
than the close of business on the 90th day prior to the first anniversary date of
the annual meeting for the preceding year, except that if the annual meeting is
more than 30 days before or more than 60 days after such anniversary date, or
if no annual meeting was held in the preceding year, notice by the stockholder
must be delivered not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior
to the date of such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on
the later of:   

With respect to business to be transacted at an annual meeting, the
notice must be in writing, meet the requirements of the MPC bylaws,
and be received not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day
and not later than the close of business on the 90th day prior to the first
anniversary date of the annual meeting for the preceding year, except
that if:

•  the 90th day prior to the date of such annual meeting; or

  

•  the annual meeting differs from the first anniversary date of the
annual meeting for the preceding year by more than 30 days,
notice by the stockholder must be delivered not earlier than the
close of business on the 90th day prior to the date of such annual
meeting; or

•  if the first public announcement of the date of such annual meeting is
less than 100 days prior to the date of such annual meeting, the 10th day
following the date of first public disclosure by Andeavor of such
meeting.

  

•  if the first public announcement of the date of such annual meeting
is less than 100 days prior to the date of such annual meeting,
notice by the stockholder must be delivered by the 10th day
following the earlier of the date on which notice of such meeting
was mailed or the date of first public disclosure by MPC of such
meeting.

Certificate of Incorporation Amendments
The Andeavor certificate of incorporation states that no amendment to the
certificate of incorporation or to the bylaws may amend, modify or repeal any
or all of the provisions of Article VII of the Andeavor certificate of
incorporation, the contents of which are discussed in the section entitled
“Comparison of Stockholders’ Rights—Action by Stockholders” beginning on
page 215, unless adopted by the affirmative vote or consent of the holders

  

The MPC certificate of incorporation provides that the affirmative vote
of the holders of at least 80% of the voting power of all then
outstanding shares of capital stock of MPC entitled to vote generally in
the election of directors, voting together as a single class, shall be
required to alter, amend, repeal or restate any provision of the MPC
certificate of incorporation; provided, however, that if any such
alteration,

 
-217-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 231/241

Table of Contents

Andeavor Stockholders   MPC Stockholders
of not less than four-fifths of the outstanding shares of stock of Andeavor
entitled to vote in elections of directors, voting as a single class, unless the
Andeavor board by unanimous resolution recommends to stockholders the
adoption of such amendment, in which case the stockholders of record
holding a majority of the outstanding shares of stock may nevertheless
amend, modify or repeal such provisions.

  

amendment, repeal or restatement, except any alteration, amendment,
repeal or restatement of Article SIX (addressing the authority, number,
classification, term, election, succession, removal and vacancies of the
MPC board), Article EIGHT (addressing amendments to the MPC
certificate) or Article NINE (prohibiting stockholder action by written
consent) has been approved by the majority of the directors then in
office, then the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the
voting power of all then outstanding shares of capital stock of the MPC
entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as
a single class, will be sufficient to adopt such alteration, amendment,
repeal or restatement. Any alteration, amendment, repeal or restatement
to Article SIX, Article EIGHT or Article NINE shall require the
affirmative vote of the holders of at least 80% of the voting power of
all then outstanding shares of capital stock of MPC entitled to vote
generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class,
regardless of whether or not such alteration, amendment, repeal or
restatement is approved by the majority of the directors then in office.

Bylaw Amendments
The Andeavor certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide that the
Andeavor board is authorized to make, adopt, alter, amend and repeal the
Andeavor bylaws at any meeting at which a quorum is present by the
affirmative vote of a majority of the directors present.   

The MPC certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide that the MPC
board is authorized to adopt, amend, repeal or restate the MPC bylaws
by the approval of a majority of the directors then in office.

The Andeavor bylaws provide that they may be adopted, altered, amended or
repealed by the affirmative vote of the holders of not less than a majority of
the voting power of all of the then outstanding shares of capital stock of
Andeavor then entitled to vote generally in the election of directors.

  

The MPC certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide that if the
amendment, repeal or restatement of the MPC bylaws is approved by a
majority of the directors then in office, the MPC stockholders may
approve such amendment, repeal or restatement by the affirmative vote
of a majority of votes cast “for” or “against” by the MPC stockholders
entitled to vote, and if the adoption, amendment, repeal or restatement
of the MPC bylaws is not approved by a majority of the directors then
in office, the MPC stockholders may approve such adoption,
amendment, repeal or restatement by the affirmative vote of not less
than a majority of the voting power of all of the then outstanding shares
of capital stock of MPC then entitled to vote generally in the election
of directors.

 
-218-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 232/241

Table of Contents

Andeavor Stockholders   MPC Stockholders

Special Meetings of Stockholders
The Andeavor bylaws provide that a special meeting of the stockholders shall
be held at the request of:
 

•  the chairman of the Andeavor board;
 

•  Andeavor’s chief executive officer; or   

The MPC bylaws provide that a special meeting of the stockholders
shall be held at the request of:
 

•  the chairman of the MPC board;
 

•  MPC’s chief executive officer;
 

•  the Andeavor board pursuant to a resolution adopted by two-thirds of the
directors then in office.

  

 

•  the MPC board pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of
the directors then in office; or

 

•  the MPC board upon written request of 25% of the voting power
of all of the then outstanding shares of capital stock of MPC then
entitled to vote generally in the election of directors.

Notice of Meetings of Stockholders
Under the Andeavor bylaws, unless otherwise provided by law, notice of an
annual or special meeting must be given to stockholders entitled to vote at the
meeting at least 10 days but no more than 60 days prior to the date of the
meeting.   

Under the MPC bylaws, unless otherwise provided by law, notice of an
annual or special meeting must be given to stockholders entitled to vote
at the meeting at least 10 days but no more than 60 days prior to the
date of the meeting.

Proxies
The Andeavor bylaws provide that every Andeavor stockholder having the
right to vote is entitled to vote in person, or by proxy bearing a date not more
than three years prior to voting, unless such instrument provides for a longer
period, and is filed with the Secretary of Andeavor before, or at the time of,
the meeting.

  

The MPC bylaws provide that each stockholder entitled to vote at a
meeting of stockholders may authorize another person or persons to act
for such stockholder by proxy duly granted and authorized under the
DGCL and other laws. Proxies for use at any meeting of stockholders
shall be filed with the Secretary, or such other officer as the board may
from time to time determine by resolution to act as secretary of the
meeting, before or at the time of the meeting.

Forum Selection
The Andeavor bylaws provide that unless Andeavor consents in writing to the
selection of an alternative forum, the sole and exclusive forum for certain
actions shall be the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or, if the
Court of Chancery does not have jurisdiction, another state court or a federal
court located within the State of Delaware. These actions include:
 

•  any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of Andeavor;
 

•  any action asserting a claim of breach of fiduciary duty owed by any
director, officer, other employee or stockholder of Andeavor to
Andeavor or Andeavor stockholders;

  

The MPC certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of
Chancery of the State of Delaware shall be the sole and exclusive
forum for:
 

•  any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of MPC;
 

•  any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by
any director or officer of MPC to MPC or the MPC stockholders;

 

•  any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of
the DGCL, MPC’s certificate of incorporation, any preferred stock
designation or MPC’s bylaws; or

 

•  any other action asserting a claim against MPC or any director or
officer of the MPC that is

 
-219-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 233/241

Table of Contents

Andeavor Stockholders   MPC Stockholders
 

•  any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the
DGCL or Andeavor’s certificate of incorporation or bylaws;

 

•  any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine; or
 

•  any other action asserting an internal corporate claim, as defined in
Section 115 of the DGCL.   

governed by or subject to the internal affairs doctrine for choice of law
purposes.

Indemnification of Directors and Officers
The Andeavor bylaws provide that Andeavor will indemnify and hold
harmless, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any person who
was or is made or is threatened to be made a party or is otherwise involved in
any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative,
investigative or otherwise, by reason of the fact that he or she, or a person for
whom he or she is the legal representative, is or was a director or officer of
Andeavor or a subsidiary of Andeavor, or while a director or officer of
Andeavor or a subsidiary Andeavor, is or was serving at the request of
Andeavor or a subsidiary of Andeavor as a director, officer, employee or
agent of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust, nonprofit
entity or other enterprise, including service with respect to employee benefit
plans in each case whether or not serving in such capacity at the time any
liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification, reimbursement, or
advancement of expenses can be provided under the bylaws of Andeavor,
against all expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines, liability,
loss suffered and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred
by such person in connection therewith. Such indemnification will continue
as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and
will inure to the benefit of his or her heirs, executors and administrators.
 

The Andeavor bylaws provide that Andeavor will pay the expenses (including
attorneys’ fees) incurred by a person potentially eligible for indemnification
(as specified above) in defending any threatened, pending or completed
proceeding, and such advances will be made within 30 days after the receipt
by Andeavor of a statement or statements requesting such advances from time
to time; except that, to the extent required by law, any payment of expenses in
advance of the final disposition of a proceeding will be made only upon
receipt of an undertaking by such person to repay all amounts advanced if it
should be ultimately determined that such person is not entitled to be
indemnified.

  

The MPC bylaws provide that MPC will indemnify and hold harmless,
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any person who was or
is made or is threatened to be made a party or is otherwise involved in
any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative,
investigative or otherwise, by reason of the fact that he or she is or was
a director or officer of MPC, or while a director or officer of MPC, is
or was serving at the request of MPC as a director, officer, manager,
partner, member, member representative, trustee or other duly
appointed official of any other corporation, partnership, limited liability
company, association, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or
other enterprise or entity, in each case whether or not serving in such
capacity at the time any liability or expense is incurred for which
indemnification, reimbursement, or advancement of expenses can be
provided under the bylaws of MPC, against all expenses (including
attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines, liability, loss suffered and amounts
paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by such person in
connection therewith. Such indemnification will continue as to a person
who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and will
inure to the benefit of his or her heirs, executors and administrators.
 

The MPC bylaws provide that in the event of any threatened or pending
proceeding that may give rise to a right of indemnification to an
indemnitee, following a written request to MPC by such indemnitee,
MPC shall promptly pay to the indemnitee, or pay directly to the third
party or parties to whom such expenses are payable, amounts to cover
all reasonable expenses incurred by such indemnitee in such
proceeding in advance of its final disposition upon the receipt by MPC
of:
 

•  a written undertaking executed by or on behalf of such indemnitee
providing that the indemnitee will repay the advances if it shall

 
-220-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 234/241

Table of Contents

Andeavor Stockholders   MPC Stockholders
Andeavor is not obligated to advance expenses for any suit commenced by
such person seeking advancement unless that suit is either a proceeding the
commencement of which was authorized by the Andeavor board or a claim to
recover expenses to which such person is entitled under the Andeavor bylaws.
 

  

ultimately be determined that the indemnitee is not entitled to be
indemnified by MPC as provided in MPC’s bylaws or otherwise under
the DGCL or other applicable laws; and
 

•  reasonably satisfactory evidence as to the amount and nature of
such expenses incurred.

Stockholder Rights Plan
Andeavor is not party to a rights plan.   MPC is not party to a rights plan.

Foreign Ownership
Andeavor has no restrictions on foreign ownership.

  

In order to ensure that MPC remains qualified to own and operate
vessels engaged in coastwise trade as a U.S. citizen under the U.S.
maritime laws, the MPC certificate of incorporation limits the
ownership of shares of MPC common stock by non-U.S. citizens to
23%, where a non-U.S. citizen is an individual who is not native born,
naturalized or a derivative citizen of the U.S., and, with respect to
entities: a partnership where all of its general partners are not citizens
of the U.S., or if 75% of the interest in the partnership is not owned by
citizens of the U.S.; a trust where each trustee and beneficiary are not
citizens of the U.S., or if 75% of the interest in the trust is not owned
by citizens of the U.S.; an association where not all members are
citizens of the U.S.; a corporation not incorporated in the U.S., its chief
executive officer and chairman of the board are not citizens of the U.S.,
more than the minority of the number of directors of its board required
to reach a quorum are not citizens of the U.S., or if 75% of the shares
in the corporation are not owned by citizens of the U.S., with the same
standard applied to a limited liability company as a corporation.
 

If more than 23% of the shares of MPC are owned by non-U.S. citizens
then MPC can redeem the excess shares above such percentage, paying
such holders the average market price for the 20 days preceding the
date such shares are called for redemption. In addition, shares owned
by non-U.S. citizens above such percentage will not be entitled to
voting rights.

 
-221-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 235/241

Table of Contents

APPRAISAL RIGHTS OF ANDEAVOR STOCKHOLDERS

General. Record holders of Andeavor common stock who comply with the procedures summarized below will be entitled to appraisal rights if the
merger is completed. Under Section 262 of the DGCL, holders of shares of Andeavor common stock with respect to which appraisal rights are properly
demanded and perfected and not withdrawn or lost are entitled, in lieu of receiving the merger consideration, to have the “fair value” of their shares
(exclusive of any element of value arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the merger) at the closing of the merger, judicially determined and
paid to them in cash by complying with the provisions of Section 262 of the DGCL. Under Section 262 of the DGCL, when a merger is submitted for
approval at a meeting of stockholders as in the case of approval of the Andeavor merger proposal, Andeavor, not less than 20 days prior to the meeting,
must notify each stockholder who was an Andeavor stockholder on the record date for notice of such meeting with respect to shares for which appraisal
rights are available, that appraisal rights are available and include in the notice a copy of Section 262 of the DGCL. This joint proxy
statement/prospectus constitutes the required notice.

The following is a brief summary of Section 262 of the DGCL, which sets forth the procedures for demanding and perfecting statutory appraisal
rights. This summary, however, is not a complete statement of the applicable requirements, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to Section 262, a
copy of the text of which is attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus as Annex E. If you wish to consider exercising your appraisal rights, you
should carefully review the text of Section 262 of the DGCL contained in Annex E. Failure to comply timely and properly with the requirements of
Section 262 of the DGCL may result in the loss of your appraisal rights under the DGCL. The following summary does not constitute any legal or other
advice nor does it constitute a recommendation that stockholders exercise their appraisal rights under Section 262 of the DGCL.

How to Exercise and Perfect Your Appraisal Rights. Andeavor stockholders of record who desire to exercise their appraisal rights must do all
of the following:
 

 (i) not vote in favor of the Andeavor merger proposal;
 

 
(ii) deliver in the manner set forth below a written demand for appraisal of such stockholder’s shares to the Secretary of Andeavor prior to the

vote on the approval of the Andeavor merger proposal at the Andeavor special meeting;
 

 (iii) continuously hold the shares of record from the date of making the demand through the closing of the merger; and
 

 
(iv) such stockholder or the surviving company (or any other stockholder that has properly demanded appraisal rights and is otherwise entitled to

appraisal rights) must file a petition in the Delaware Court of Chancery requesting a determination of the fair value of the shares within 120
days after the effective date of the merger.

Who May Exercise Appraisal Rights. Only a holder of record of Andeavor common stock is entitled to demand an appraisal of the shares
registered in that holder’s name. A demand for appraisal must be executed by or for the stockholder of record. The demand should set forth, fully and
correctly, the stockholder’s name as it appears on the certificate(s) representing shares. If shares are owned of record in a fiduciary capacity, such as by a
trustee, guardian or custodian, such demand must be executed by the fiduciary. If shares are owned of record by more than one person, as in a tenancy or
tenancy in common, the demand must be executed by or on behalf of all owners. An authorized agent, including an agent of two or more owners, may
execute the demand for appraisal for a stockholder of record; however, the agent must identify the record owner and expressly disclose that, in
exercising the demand, the agent is acting as agent for the record owner.

A record owner, such as a broker, who holds shares as a nominee for others may exercise appraisal rights with respect to the shares held for all or
less than all beneficial owners of shares as to which the holder is the record owner. In that case, the written demand must set forth the number of shares
covered by the demand.
 

-222-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 236/241

Table of Contents

Where the number of shares is not expressly stated, the demand will be presumed to cover all shares outstanding in the name of the record owner.

Beneficial owners who are not record owners and who intend to exercise appraisal rights should consult with the record owner to determine the
appropriate procedures for having the record holder make a demand for appraisal with respect to the beneficial owner’s shares. Any holder of shares
held in “street name” who desires appraisal rights with respect to those shares must take such actions as may be necessary to ensure that a timely and
proper demand for appraisal is made by the record owner of the shares. Shares held through banks, brokers and other financial institutions are frequently
deposited with and held of record in the name of a nominee of a central security depository, such as Cede & Co., The Depository Trust Company’s
nominee. A demand for appraisal with respect to such shares must be made by or on behalf of the depository nominee and it must identify the depository
nominee as the record owner. Any beneficial holder of shares desiring to demand and perfect appraisal rights with respect to such shares that are held
through a bank, broker or other nominee is responsible for ensuring that the demand for appraisal is made by the record holder.

As required by Section 262 of the DGCL, a demand for appraisal must be in writing and must reasonably inform Andeavor of the identity of the
record holder (which might be a nominee as described above) and of such holder’s intention to seek appraisal of the holder’s shares.

Stockholders of record who elect to demand appraisal of their shares must mail or deliver their written demand to:

Attention: Secretary
Andeavor

19100 Ridgewood Parkway,
San Antonio, TX 78259

1-800-837-6768

The written demand for appraisal should specify the stockholder’s name and mailing address. The written demand must reasonably inform
Andeavor that the stockholder intends thereby to demand an appraisal of his, her or its shares. The written demand must be received by Andeavor prior
to the vote on the Andeavor merger proposal at the Andeavor special meeting. Neither voting (in person or by proxy) against, abstaining from voting on
or failing to vote on the approval of the Andeavor merger proposal will alone suffice to constitute a written demand for appraisal within the meaning of
Section 262 of the DGCL. In addition, the stockholder seeking to demand appraisal must not vote its shares of Andeavor common stock in favor of
approval of the Andeavor merger proposal. An executed proxy that does not contain voting instructions will, unless revoked, be voted in favor of
approval of the Andeavor merger proposal and will cause the stockholder’s right of appraisal to be lost. Therefore, a stockholder who desires to exercise
appraisal rights should, in addition to demanding and perfecting its appraisal rights in accordance with Section 262 of the DGCL, either (1) refrain from
executing and submitting the enclosed proxy card or (2) vote by proxy against the approval of the Andeavor merger proposal or affirmatively register an
abstention with respect thereto.

Notwithstanding a stockholder’s compliance with the foregoing requirements, Section 262 of the DGCL provides that, because, immediately prior
to the merger, Andeavor common stock was listed on a national securities exchange, the Delaware Chancery Court will dismiss the proceedings as to all
holders of shares of Andeavor common stock who are otherwise entitled to appraisal rights unless (1) the total number of shares of Andeavor common
stock entitled to appraisal exceeds 1% of the outstanding shares of Andeavor common stock eligible for appraisal or (2) the value of the consideration
provided in the merger for such total number of shares of Andeavor common stock entitled to appraisal exceeds $1 million.

Actions After the Closing of the Merger. Within 10 days after the closing of the merger, the surviving company must give notice of the date that
the merger became effective to each Andeavor stockholder who has
 

-223-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 237/241

Table of Contents

properly filed a written demand for appraisal, who did not vote in favor of the Andeavor merger proposal and who has otherwise complied with
Section 262 of the DGCL. At any time within 60 days after the closing of the merger, any stockholder who has demanded appraisal and who has not
commenced an appraisal proceeding or joined that proceeding as a named party will have the right to withdraw such stockholder’s demand for appraisal
and to accept the merger consideration the stockholder is entitled pursuant to the merger by delivering to the surviving company a written withdrawal of
such stockholder’s demand for appraisal and acceptance of the merger consideration. After this period, the stockholder may withdraw such stockholder’s
demand for appraisal only with the written approval of the surviving company.

Within 120 days after the closing of the merger, but not thereafter, either the surviving company or any stockholder who has timely and properly
demanded appraisal of such stockholder’s shares and who has complied with the requirements of Section 262 of the DGCL and is otherwise entitled to
appraisal rights, or any beneficial owner for which a demand for appraisal has been properly made by the record holder, may commence an appraisal
proceeding by filing a petition in the Delaware Court of Chancery, with a copy served on the surviving company in the case of a petition filed by a
stockholder, demanding a determination of the fair value of the shares of all stockholders who have properly demanded appraisal. The surviving
company is under no obligation to file any such petition in the Delaware Court of Chancery and has no intention of doing so. Accordingly, stockholders
seeking to exercise appraisal rights should not assume that the surviving company will file such a petition or that the surviving company will initiate any
negotiations with respect to the fair value of such shares. Stockholders who desire to have their shares appraised should initiate any petitions necessary
for the perfection of their appraisal rights within the time periods and in the manner prescribed in Section 262 of the DGCL.

If no petition for appraisal is filed with the Delaware Court of Chancery within 120 days after the closing of the merger, all stockholders’ rights to
appraisal will cease and all stockholders will be entitled only to receive the merger consideration as provided for in the merger agreement. No petition
timely filed in the Delaware Court of Chancery demanding appraisal will be dismissed as to any stockholders without the approval of the Delaware
Court of Chancery, and that approval may be conditioned upon such terms as the Delaware Court of Chancery deems just. However, the preceding
sentence will not affect the right of any stockholder who has not commenced an appraisal proceeding or joined the proceeding as a named party to
withdraw such stockholder’s demand for appraisal and to accept the terms offered in the merger within 60 days after the closing of the merger.

Within 120 days after the closing of the merger, any stockholder who has complied with the applicable provisions of Section 262 of the DGCL
will be entitled, upon written request, to receive from the surviving company a statement setting forth the aggregate number of shares of Andeavor
common stock not voting in favor of the merger and with respect to which demands for appraisal were received by the surviving company and the
number of holders of such shares. A person who is the beneficial owner of shares held in a voting trust or by a nominee on behalf of such person may, in
such person’s own name, file a petition or request from the surviving company for the statement described in the previous sentence. Such statement must
be mailed within 10 days after the written request therefor has been received by the surviving company.

If a petition for appraisal is duly filed by an Andeavor stockholder and a copy of the petition is delivered to the surviving company, then the
surviving company will be obligated, within 20 days after receiving service of a copy of the petition, to file with the Delaware Register in Chancery a
duly verified list containing the names and addresses of all stockholders who have demanded an appraisal of their shares of Andeavor common stock
and with whom agreements as to the value of their shares of common stock have not been reached. After notice to stockholders who have demanded
appraisal, if such notice is ordered by the Delaware Court of Chancery, the Delaware Court of Chancery will conduct a hearing upon the petition and
determine those stockholders who have complied with Section 262 of the DGCL and who have become entitled to appraisal rights. The Delaware Court
of Chancery may require the stockholders who have demanded an appraisal for their shares and who hold stock represented by certificates to submit
their certificates of stock to the Delaware Register in Chancery for notation thereon of the pendency of the appraisal proceedings; and if any stockholder
fails to comply with such direction, the Delaware Court of Chancery may dismiss the proceedings as to such stockholder. Where proceedings are not
 

-224-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 238/241

Table of Contents

dismissed, the appraisal proceeding will be conducted, as to the shares of Andeavor common stock owned by such stockholders, in accordance with the
rules of the Delaware Court of Chancery, including any rules specifically governing appraisal proceedings.

After a hearing on such petition, the Delaware Court of Chancery will determine which stockholders are entitled to appraisal rights and thereafter
will appraise the shares owned by those stockholders, determining the fair value of the shares exclusive of any element of value arising from the
accomplishment or expectation of the merger, together with interest to be paid, if any, upon the amount determined to be the fair value. Unless the
Delaware Court of Chancery in its discretion determines otherwise for good cause shown, interest on an appraisal award from the date the merger is
completed through the date of payment of the judgment will be compounded quarterly and will accrue at 5% over the Federal Reserve discount rate
(including any surcharges) as established from time to time during the period between the date the merger is completed and the date of payment of the
judgment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time before the entry of judgment in an appraisal proceeding, the surviving company may pay to each
stockholder entitled to appraisal an amount in cash (which will be treated as an advance against the payment due to such stockholder), in which case
interest shall accrue after such payment only upon the sum of (1) the difference, if any, between the amount so paid and the fair value of the shares as
determined by the Delaware Court of Chancery and (2) interest theretofore accrued, unless paid at that time. When the fair value is determined, the
Delaware Court of Chancery will direct the payment of such value, together with interest, if any, on the amount determined to be fair value, to the
stockholders entitled to receive the same upon the surrender by such holders of the certificates representing their shares, if any, or immediately in the
case of any uncertificated shares. The parties have made no determination as to whether such a payment will be made if the merger is completed, and the
surviving company reserves the right to make such a payment upon the closing of the merger.

In determining fair value, the Delaware Court of Chancery is required to take into account all relevant factors. In Weinberger v. UOP, Inc., et al.,
the Delaware Supreme Court discussed the factors that could be considered in determining the fair value in an appraisal proceeding and stated that
“proof of value by any techniques or methods which are generally considered acceptable in the financial community and otherwise admissible in court”
should be considered in an appraisal proceeding and that “[f]air price obviously requires consideration of all relevant factors involving the value of a
company.” The Delaware Supreme Court has stated that in making this determination of fair value the court must consider market value, asset value,
dividends, earnings prospects, the nature of the enterprise and any other facts which were known or which could be ascertained as of the date of the
merger and which throw any light on future prospects of the merged corporation. Section 262 of the DGCL provides that fair value is to be determined
“exclusive of any element of value arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the merger.” In Cede & Co. v. Technicolor, Inc., the Delaware
Supreme Court stated that such exclusion is a “narrow exclusion [that] does not encompass known elements of value,” but which rather applies only to
the speculative elements of value arising from such accomplishment or expectation. In Weinberger, the Delaware Supreme Court construed Section 262
of the DGCL to mean that “elements of future value, including the nature of the enterprise, which are known or susceptible of proof as of the date of the
merger and not the product of speculation, may be considered.”

Stockholders considering seeking appraisal should bear in mind that the fair value of their shares determined by the Delaware Court of Chancery
under Section 262 of the DGCL could be more than, the same as, or less than the merger consideration they are entitled to receive pursuant to the merger
agreement if they do not seek appraisal of their shares, and that opinions of investment banking firms as to the fairness from a financial point of view of
the consideration payable in a transaction are not opinions as to fair value under Section 262 of the DGCL. Each of Andeavor and MPC reserves the
right to assert, in any appraisal proceeding, that for purposes of Section 262 of the DGCL, the “fair value” of a share of Andeavor common stock is less
than the applicable merger consideration.

The cost of the appraisal proceeding may be determined by the Delaware Court of Chancery and charged upon the parties as the Delaware Court
of Chancery deems equitable in the circumstances. However, costs do not
 

-225-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 239/241

Table of Contents

include attorneys’ and expert witness fees. Each dissenting stockholder is responsible for his or her attorneys’ and expert witness fees, although upon
application of a stockholder seeking appraisal rights, the Delaware Court of Chancery may order that all or a portion of the expenses incurred by such
stockholder in connection with the appraisal proceeding, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees and the fees and expenses of experts,
be charged pro rata against the value of all shares entitled to appraisal. In the absence of such a determination of assessment, each party bears its own
expenses.

From and after the date of the closing of the merger, any stockholder who has duly demanded appraisal in compliance with Section 262 of the
DGCL will not, after the closing of the merger, be entitled to vote for any purpose any shares subject to such demand or to receive payment of dividends
or other distributions on such shares, except for dividends or distributions payable to stockholders of record at a date prior to the closing of the merger.

The foregoing is a brief summary of Section 262 of the DGCL that sets forth the procedures for demanding statutory appraisal rights. This
summary, however, is not a complete statement of all applicable requirements and is qualified in its entirety by reference to Section 262 of the DGCL, a
copy of the text of which is attached as Annex E to this joint proxy statement/prospectus. To the extent there are any inconsistencies between the
foregoing summary and Section 262 of the DGCL, Section 262 of the DGCL and the DGCL will govern.

The process of demanding and exercising appraisal rights requires strict compliance with technical requirements. Failure to comply
strictly with all the procedures set forth in Section 262 of the DGCL may result in the loss of a stockholder’s statutory appraisal rights. In that
event, a stockholder will be entitled to receive the merger consideration for his or her shares in accordance with the merger agreement. In view
of the complexity of the provisions of Section 262 of the DGCL, Andeavor stockholders considering exercising their appraisal rights under the
DGCL should consult their own legal advisor.
 

-226-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 240/241

Table of Contents

SHARE OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT/DIRECTORS OF MPC

To MPC’s knowledge, the following tables set forth certain information regarding the beneficial ownership of MPC common stock as of the close
of business on the respective dates provided below (except as noted in the footnotes below) and with respect to: each person known by MPC to
beneficially own 5% or more of the outstanding shares of MPC common stock, each member of the MPC board, each executive officer named in the
executive compensation table contained in MPC’s most recent annual meeting proxy statement, which we refer to as named executive officers, and the
members of the MPC board and MPC’s current executive officers as a group.

MPC has determined beneficial ownership in accordance with the rules of the SEC. Except as indicated by the footnotes below, MPC believes,
based on the information furnished to MPC, that the persons and entities named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect
to all shares of MPC common stock that he, she or it beneficially owns.

Security Ownership of Directors and Executive Officers

The following table sets forth the number of shares of MPC common stock beneficially owned as of July 17, 2018, except as otherwise noted, by
each director, by each named executive officer and by all directors and executive officers as a group. As of July 17, 2018, 453,536,921 shares of MPC
common stock were outstanding. Unless otherwise noted below, the address of each beneficial owner listed in the table below is c/o Marathon Petroleum
Corporation, 539 South Main Street, Findlay, Ohio 45840.

Common Stock
 

Name of Beneficial Owner
Directors / Named Executive Officers   

Amount and Nature of Beneficial
Ownership(1)   

Percent
of Class 

Gary R. Heminger    2,820,064(2)(4)(5)(7)(8)    * 
Abdulaziz F. Alkhayyal    4,674(3)    * 
Evan Bayh    43,017(2)(3)    * 
Charles E. Bunch    13,898(2)(3)    * 
Steven A. Davis    24,464(3)(7)    * 
Timothy T. Griffith    225,665(2)(4)(8)    * 
Donna A. James    32,467(2)(3)    * 
Anthony R. Kenney    453,909(2)(4)(5)(8)    * 
C. Michael Palmer    308,394(2)(4)(5)(6)(8)    * 
James E. Rohr    30,964(3)(7)    * 
Frank M. Semple    4,645(3)    * 
J. Michael Stice    3,715(3)    * 
John P. Surma    41,917(3)(7)    * 
Donald C. Templin    535,795(2)(4)(8)    * 
All Directors and Executive Officers as a group (20

reporting persons)    5,020,727(2)(3)(4)(5)(6)(7)(8)    1.11%
 
(1) None of the shares of common stock reported in this column are pledged as security.
(2) Includes shares of common stock directly or indirectly held in registered or beneficial form.
(3) Includes restricted stock unit awards granted pursuant to the Second Amended and Restated Marathon Petroleum Corporation 2011 Incentive

Compensation Plan and/or the Amended and Restated Marathon Petroleum Corporation 2012 Incentive Compensation Plan, and credited within a
deferred account pursuant to the Marathon Petroleum Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors. The aggregate
number of restricted stock unit awards credited as of July 17, 2018, for each of the non-employee directors is as follows: Mr. Alkhayyal, 4,674;
Mr. Bayh, 31,917; Mr. Bunch, 8,398; Mr. Davis, 15,964; Ms. James, 31,917; Mr. Rohr, 15,964; Mr. Semple, 4,645; Mr. Stice, 3,715; and
Mr. Surma, 31,917.

 
-227-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/50104/000119312518238276/d601099ddefm14a.htm 241/241

Table of Contents

(4) Includes shares of restricted stock issued pursuant to the Amended and Restated Marathon Petroleum Corporation 2012 Incentive Compensation
Plan, which are subject to limits on sale and transfer, and may be forfeited under certain conditions.

(5) Includes shares of common stock held within the Marathon Petroleum Thrift Plan.
(6) Includes shares of common stock held within the Marathon Petroleum Corporation Dividend Reinvestment and Direct Stock Purchase Plan.
(7) Includes shares of common stock indirectly beneficially owned in trust. The number of shares held in trust as of July 17, 2018, by each applicable

director or named executive officer is as follows: Mr. Heminger, 21,228; Mr. Davis, 8,500; Mr. Rohr, 15,000; and Mr. Surma, 10,000.
(8) Includes stock options exercisable within 60 days of July 17, 2018.
* The percentage of shares beneficially owned by each director or each executive officer does not exceed 1% of the shares of common stock

outstanding, and the percentage of shares beneficially owned by all directors and executive officers of MPC as a group is 1.11% of the shares of
common stock outstanding.

Security Ownership of Other Beneficial Owners

The following table furnishes information concerning all persons known to MPC to beneficially own 5% or more of the outstanding shares of
MPC common stock as of July 17, 2018. The information provided below was derived from reports filed with the SEC by the beneficial owners on the
dates indicated in the footnotes below.
 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner   
Amount and Nature of
Beneficial Ownership   

Percent
of Class(1) 

BlackRock, Inc.


