







































10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 1/178

DEFM14A 1 d516025ddefm14a.htm DEFM14A

Table of Contents

  
UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549

 
 

SCHEDULE 14A
Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 

 

Filed by the Registrant  ☒                             Filed by a Party other than the Registrant  ☐

Check the appropriate box:
 

☐  Preliminary Proxy Statement

☐  Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2))

☒  Definitive Proxy Statement

☐  Definitive Additional Materials

☐  Soliciting Material Pursuant to §240.14a-12

STATE BANK FINANCIAL CORPORATION
(Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter)

 
(Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant)

Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box):

☒  No fee required.

☐  Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11.

 

(1)

 

Title of each class of securities to which transaction applies:
 
     

 

(2)

 

Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies:
 
     

 

(3)

 

Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11 (Set forth the amount on which the
filing fee is calculated and state how it was determined):
 
     

 

(4)

 

Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction:
 
     

 

(5)

 

Total fee paid:
 
     

☐  Fee paid previously with preliminary materials.



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 2/178

☐
 

Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act Rule 240.0-11 and identify the filing for which the offsetting fee was paid
previously. Identify the previous filing by registration statement number, or the Form or Schedule and the date of its filing.

 

(1)

 

Amount Previously Paid:
 
     

 

(2)

 

Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.:
 
     

 

(3)

 

Filing Party:
 
     

 

(4)

 

Date Filed:
 
     

 
  



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 3/178

Table of Contents

 
 

  
MERGER PROPOSED—YOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT

To the Stockholders of Cadence Bancorporation and the Shareholders of State Bank Financial Corporation:

On May 11, 2018, Cadence Bancorporation, which we refer to as Cadence, and State Bank Financial Corporation, which we refer to as State Bank, entered into an Agreement and Plan of
Merger, which we refer to as the merger agreement, that provides for the combination of the two companies. Under the merger agreement, State Bank will merge with and into Cadence,
with Cadence continuing as the surviving corporation, in a transaction we refer to as the merger. Immediately following the completion of the merger, State Bank and Trust Company, a
wholly owned subsidiary of State Bank, which we refer to as SBTC, will merge with and into Cadence Bank, N.A., a wholly owned subsidiary of Cadence, which we refer to as Cadence
Bank, with Cadence Bank continuing as the surviving bank, in a transaction we refer to as the bank merger.

Pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the merger agreement, at the effective time of the merger, each outstanding share of State Bank common stock, par value
$0.01 per share, which we refer to as the State Bank common stock (except for treasury stock or shares owned by State Bank or Cadence (in each case other than in a fiduciary or agency
capacity or as a result of debts previously contracted)) will be converted into the right to receive 1.160 shares, which we refer to as the exchange ratio, of Class A common stock, par value
$0.01 per share, of Cadence, which we refer to as the Cadence Class A common stock.

Although the number of shares of Cadence Class A common stock that each State Bank shareholder will receive is fixed, the market value of the merger consideration will fluctuate with the
market price of Cadence Class A common stock and will not be known at the time State Bank shareholders vote on the merger. Based on the closing price per share of Cadence Class A
common stock on the New York Stock Exchange, or the NYSE, on May 11, 2018, the last trading day before public announcement of the merger, the exchange ratio represented
approximately $35.07 in value for each share of State Bank common stock. Based on the closing price per share of Cadence Class A common stock on July 24, 2018, the latest practicable
trading day before the date of the enclosed joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus, the exchange ratio represented approximately $32.97 in value for each share of State
Bank common stock. We urge you to obtain current market quotations for shares of Cadence Class A common stock (currently traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the
trading symbol “CADE”) and shares of State Bank common stock (currently traded on The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC under the trading symbol “STBZ”).

Based on the number of shares of Cadence Class A common stock and State Bank common stock outstanding as of May 11, 2018, the last trading day before public announcement of the
merger, it is expected that Cadence stockholders will hold approximately 65%, and State Bank shareholders will hold approximately 35%, of the shares of the combined company
outstanding immediately after the merger.

State Bank will hold a special meeting of its shareholders, which we refer to as the State Bank shareholders, at its headquarters located at 3399 Peachtree Road, NE, Suite 1900, Atlanta,
Georgia 30326 on September 18, 2018, at 1:00 p.m., Eastern Time, which we refer to as the State Bank special meeting. At the State Bank special meeting, the State Bank shareholders will
be asked (i) to consider and vote on a proposal to approve the merger agreement, which we refer to as the merger proposal, (ii) to consider and vote on a non-binding advisory proposal to
approve the compensation that may be paid or become payable to the named executive officers of State Bank that is based on or otherwise relates to the merger, which we refer to as the
compensation proposal, and (iii) to consider and vote on a proposal to approve the adjournment of the State Bank special meeting, if necessary or appropriate, for the purpose of soliciting
additional votes for the approval of the merger proposal, which we refer to as the adjournment proposal. The board of directors of State Bank, which we refer to as the State Bank board of
directors, has unanimously (i) determined that the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the merger, are in the best interests of State Bank and the State
Bank shareholders and (ii) adopted the merger agreement and approved the execution, delivery and performance by State Bank of the merger agreement and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated thereby, including the merger. The State Bank board of directors unanimously recommends that the State Bank shareholders vote “FOR” the merger
proposal, “FOR” the compensation proposal and “FOR” the adjournment proposal, if necessary or appropriate to solicit additional votes for approval of the merger proposal.

The board of directors of Cadence, which we refer to as the Cadence board of directors, has unanimously (i) determined that the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated
thereby, including the merger, are in the best interests of Cadence and its stockholders, which we refer to as the Cadence stockholders, and declared that the merger agreement is advisable,
and (ii) approved the execution, delivery and performance by Cadence of the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the merger. Immediately following the
execution of the merger agreement, Cadence Bancorp, LLC, the holder of 54,875,000 shares of Cadence Class A common stock, or approximately 65.6% of the shares of Cadence Class A
common stock outstanding and entitled to vote on such matters as of May 11, 2018, executed a written consent in lieu of a meeting, which we refer to as the Cadence written consent,
approving (i) the adoption of the merger agreement and (ii) the issuance of shares of Cadence Class A common stock in connection with the merger as contemplated by the merger
agreement, which we refer to as the Cadence stock issuance. As a result, no further action by any other Cadence stockholder is required in connection with the adoption of the merger
agreement and the approval of the Cadence stock issuance by Cadence stockholders.
 

 
The attached joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus describes the special meeting of State Bank, the merger, the documents related to the merger,
and other related matters. Please carefully read the entire joint information statement/proxy statement, including the “Risk Factors,” beginning on page 28, for
a discussion of the risks relating to the proposed merger. You also can obtain information about Cadence and State Bank from documents that each has filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission.
 

  
Paul B. Murphy, Jr.

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Cadence Bancorporation   

Joseph W. Evans
Chairman

State Bank Financial Corporation

Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of the securities to be issued in the merger or passed upon the
adequacy or accuracy of this joint information statement/proxy statement. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.

The securities to be issued in the merger are not savings or deposit accounts or other obligations of any bank or non-bank subsidiary of either Cadence or State Bank, and they
are not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other governmental agency.

The date of this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus is July 25, 2018, and it is first being mailed or otherwise delivered to the Cadence stockholders and the State
Bank shareholders on or about July 27, 2018.



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 4/178

Table of Contents

NOTICE OF ACTION BY WRITTEN CONSENT TO CADENCE STOCKHOLDERS—WE ARE NOT ASKING
YOU FOR A PROXY AND YOU ARE REQUESTED NOT TO SEND US A PROXY

To the Stockholders of Cadence Bancorporation:

The board of directors, which we refer to as the Cadence board of directors, of Cadence Bancorporation, which we refer to as Cadence, approved an
Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of May 11, 2018, which we refer to as the merger agreement, pursuant to which State Bank Financial
Corporation, which we refer to as State Bank, will merge with and into Cadence, with Cadence continuing as the surviving corporation, in a transaction
we refer to as the merger. Immediately following the completion of the merger, State Bank and Trust Company, a wholly owned subsidiary of State
Bank, which we refer to as SBTC, will merge with and into Cadence Bank, N.A., a wholly owned subsidiary of Cadence, which we refer to as Cadence
Bank, with Cadence Bank continuing as the surviving bank, in a transaction we refer to as the bank merger.

Pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the merger agreement, at the effective time of the merger, each outstanding share of State
Bank common stock, par value $0.01 per share, which we refer to as the State Bank common stock (except for treasury stock or shares owned by State
Bank or Cadence (in each case other than in a fiduciary or agency capacity or as a result of debts previously contracted)), will be converted into the right
to receive 1.160 shares, which we refer to as the exchange ratio, of Class A common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Cadence, which we refer to as
the Cadence Class A common stock.

The Cadence board of directors has unanimously (i) determined that the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the
merger, are in the best interests of Cadence and the stockholders of Cadence, which we refer to as the Cadence stockholders, and declared that the
merger agreement is advisable, and (ii) approved the execution, delivery and performance by Cadence of the merger agreement and the transactions
contemplated thereby, including the merger. Immediately following the execution of the merger agreement, Cadence Bancorp, LLC, the holder of
54,875,000 shares of Cadence Class A common stock, or approximately 65.6% of the shares of Cadence Class A common stock outstanding and entitled
to vote on such matters as of May 11, 2018, executed a written consent in lieu of a meeting, which we refer to as the Cadence written consent, approving
(i) the adoption of the merger agreement and (ii) the issuance of shares of Cadence Class A common stock in connection with the merger as
contemplated by the merger agreement, which we refer to as the Cadence stock issuance. As a result, no further action by any other Cadence stockholder
is required in connection with the adoption of the merger agreement and the approval of the Cadence stock issuance by Cadence stockholders.

Cadence has not solicited and will not be soliciting its stockholders’ authorization or approval of the merger agreement, the merger and the other
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including the Cadence stock issuance. Cadence is furnishing this Notice of Action by Written
Consent and this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus to provide its stockholders with material information concerning the
actions taken in connection with the Cadence written consent in accordance with the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
and the regulations promulgated thereunder, including Regulation 14C.

The enclosed joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus provides a detailed description of the merger, the documents related to the
merger, and other related matters. We urge you to read the joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus, including any documents
incorporated in the joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus by reference, and its annexes carefully and in their entirety.

BY ORDER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
 
 

Paul B. Murphy, Jr.
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Cadence Bancorporation



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 5/178

Table of Contents

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS

To the Shareholders of State Bank Financial Corporation:

State Bank Financial Corporation, which we refer to as State Bank, will hold a special meeting of holders of common stock of State Bank, which we
refer to as State Bank shareholders, at 1:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on September 18, 2018, at its headquarters located at 3399 Peachtree Road, NE, Suite
1900, Atlanta, Georgia, 30326, which we refer to as the State Bank special meeting, to consider and vote upon the following matters:
 

 

•  a proposal to approve the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of May 11, 2018, as it may be amended from time to time, which
agreement we refer to as the merger agreement, by and between State Bank and Cadence Bancorporation, which we refer to as Cadence, a
copy of which is attached as Annex A pursuant to which State Bank will merge with and into Cadence, with Cadence continuing as the
surviving corporation, which we refer to as the merger proposal;

 

 
•  a proposal to approve, on an advisory (non-binding) basis, the compensation that may be paid or become payable to the named executive

officers of State Bank that is based on or otherwise relates to the merger, which we refer to as the compensation proposal; and
 

 
•  a proposal to approve one or more adjournments of the State Bank special meeting, if necessary or appropriate, including adjournments to

permit further solicitation of proxies in favor of the merger proposal, which we refer to as the adjournment proposal.

State Bank has fixed the close of business on July 19, 2018 as the record date for the State Bank special meeting. Only State Bank shareholders of
record at that time are entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the State Bank special meeting, or any adjournment or postponement of the State Bank special
meeting. Approval of the merger proposal requires the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock, par value
$0.01 per share, of State Bank, which we refer to as State Bank common stock. Approval of each of the compensation proposal and the adjournment
proposal requires a majority of the votes cast at the State Bank special meeting to be voted in favor of such proposal.

The board of directors of State Bank, which we refer to as the State Bank board of directors, has unanimously adopted the merger agreement, has
determined that the merger, on the terms and conditions set forth in the merger agreement, is advisable and in the best interests of State Bank and its
shareholders, and unanimously recommends that State Bank shareholders vote “FOR” the merger proposal, “FOR” the compensation proposal and
“FOR” the adjournment proposal.

Your vote is very important. Cadence and State Bank cannot complete the merger unless State Bank’s shareholders approve the merger agreement.

Regardless of whether you plan to attend the State Bank special meeting, please vote as soon as possible. If you hold shares in your name as a
shareholder of record of State Bank, please complete, sign, date, and return the accompanying proxy card in the enclosed postage-paid return
envelope. If you hold your stock in “street name” through a bank or broker, please follow the instructions on the voting instruction card
furnished by the record holder.

The enclosed joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus provides a detailed description of the State Bank special meeting, the merger,
the documents related to the merger, and other related matters. We urge you to read the joint information statement/proxy statement and
prospectus, including any documents incorporated in the joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus by reference, and its
annexes carefully and in their entirety.

BY ORDER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
 

Joseph W. Evans
Chairman
State Bank Financial Corporation



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 6/178

Table of Contents

REFERENCES TO ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

This joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus incorporates important business and financial information about Cadence
Bancorporation, which we refer to as Cadence, and State Bank Financial Corporation, which we refer to as State Bank, from documents filed with the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, which we refer to as the SEC, that are not included in or delivered with this joint information
statement/proxy statement and prospectus. You can obtain any of the documents filed with or furnished to the SEC by Cadence and/or State Bank at no
cost from the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov. You may also request copies of these documents, including documents incorporated by reference in
this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus, at no cost by contacting the appropriate company at the following address:
 

Cadence Bancorporation
2800 Post Oak Boulevard, Suite 3800

Houston, Texas 77056
Attention: Investor Relations
Telephone: (713) 871-4000   

State Bank Financial Corporation
3399 Peachtree Road NE, Suite 1900

Atlanta, Georgia 30326
Attention: Investor Relations
Telephone: (404) 475-6599

You will not be charged for any of these documents that you request. To obtain timely delivery of these documents, State Bank shareholders
must request them no later than five business days before the date of the State Bank special meeting. This means that State Bank shareholders
requesting documents must do so by September 11, 2018.

You should rely only on the information contained in, or incorporated by reference into, this document. No one has been authorized to provide you with
information that is different from that contained in, or incorporated by reference into, this document. This document is dated July 25, 2018, and you
should assume that the information in this document is accurate only as of such date. You should assume that the information incorporated by reference
into this document is accurate as of the date of such document. Neither the mailing of this document to Cadence stockholders or State Bank
shareholders, nor the issuance by Cadence of shares of Cadence Class A common stock in connection with the merger, will create any implication to the
contrary.

This document does not constitute an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy, any securities, or the solicitation of a proxy, in any
jurisdiction to or from any person to whom it is unlawful to make any such offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. Except where the context
otherwise indicates, information contained in this document regarding Cadence has been provided by Cadence and information contained in
this document regarding State Bank has been provided by State Bank.

Please see “Where You Can Find More Information” for more details.



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 7/178

Table of Contents

TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
   Page  
QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS    1 

SUMMARY    8 

SELECTED CONSOLIDATED HISTORICAL FINANCIAL DATA OF CADENCE    17 

SELECTED CONSOLIDATED HISTORICAL FINANCIAL DATA OF STATE BANK    20 

SELECTED UNAUDITED PRO FORMA FINANCIAL DATA    24 

COMPARATIVE HISTORICAL AND UNAUDITED PRO FORMA PER SHARE DATA    25 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS    26 

RISK FACTORS    28 

THE STATE BANK SPECIAL MEETING    34 

Date, Time, and Place of Meeting    34 
Matters to Be Considered    34 
Recommendation of the State Bank Board of Directors    34 
State Bank Record Date and Quorum    34 
Vote Required; Treatment of Abstentions and Failure to Vote    34 
Shares Held by Officers and Directors    35 
Voting of Proxies; Incomplete Proxies    35 
Shares Held in “Street Name”; Broker Non-Votes    36 
Revocability of Proxies and Changes to a State Bank Shareholder’s Vote    36 
Solicitation of Proxies    36 
Attending the State Bank Special Meeting    36 
Assistance    37 

STATE BANK PROPOSALS    38 

PROPOSAL NO. 1: MERGER PROPOSAL    38 
PROPOSAL NO. 2: COMPENSATION PROPOSAL    38 
PROPOSAL NO. 3: ADJOURNMENT PROPOSAL    38 

INFORMATION ABOUT CADENCE BANCORPORATION    40 

INFORMATION ABOUT STATE BANK FINANCIAL CORPORATION    40 

THE MERGER    41 

Terms of the Merger    41 
Background of the Merger    41 
Cadence’s Reasons for the Merger    51 
Unaudited Prospective Financial Information of Cadence    53 
Opinion of Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC    55 
State Bank’s Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of the State Bank Board of Directors    67 
Unaudited Prospective Financial Information of State Bank    71 
Opinion of Raymond James & Associates Inc.    73 
Opinion of Sandler O’Neill & Partners, L.P.    82 
Opinion of FIG Partners, LLC    94 
Interests of Cadence’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger    103 
Interests of State Bank’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger    103 
Merger-Related Compensation for State Bank’s Named Executive Officers    109 
Cadence’s Dividend Policy    111 

 
i



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 8/178

Table of Contents

   Page  
Public Trading Markets    112 
Appraisal Rights in the Merger    112 
Regulatory Approvals Required for the Merger    112 

THE MERGER AGREEMENT    115 

Structure of the Merger    115 
Treatment of State Bank Restricted Stock Awards and Warrants    116 
Closing and Effective Time of the Merger    117 
Conversion of Shares; Exchange of Certificates    117 
Representations and Warranties    118 
Covenants and Agreements    119 
Cadence Written Consent and State Bank Shareholder Meeting    124 
Agreement Not to Solicit Other Offers    125 
Adverse Recommendation Change    125 
Conditions to Complete the Merger    126 
Termination of the Merger Agreement    127 
Effect of Termination    129 
Termination Fee and Expense Reimbursement    129 
Expenses and Fees    129 
Amendment, Waiver, and Extension of the Merger Agreement    129 

ACCOUNTING TREATMENT    131 

MATERIAL U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER    132 

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    135 

DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK OF CADENCE    142 

Description of Capital Stock    142 
Anti-Takeover Effects of Certain Provisions of Delaware Law, Cadence’s Charter and Bylaws    144 

COMPARISON OF STOCKHOLDERS’ AND SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS    147 

STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS PLAN    154 

COMPARATIVE MARKET PRICES AND DIVIDENDS    155 

LEGAL MATTERS    156 

EXPERTS    156 

Cadence    156 
State Bank    156 

DEADLINES FOR SUBMITTING STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS    157 

Cadence    157 
State Bank    157 

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION    159 

ANNEX A—Agreement and Plan of Merger    A-1 

ANNEX B—Opinion of Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC    B-1 

ANNEX C—Opinion of Raymond James & Associates Inc.    C-1 

ANNEX D—Opinion of Sandler O’Neill & Partners, L.P.    D-1 

ANNEX E—Opinion of FIG Partners, LLC    E-1 
 

ii



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 9/178

Table of Contents

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS

The following are some questions that you may have about the merger and the State Bank special meeting, and brief answers to those
questions. We urge you to read carefully the remainder of this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus because the
information in this section does not provide all of the information that might be important to you with respect to the merger, or the State Bank
special meeting. Additional important information is also contained in the documents incorporated by reference into this joint information
statement/proxy statement and prospectus. Please see “Where You Can Find More Information.”

General
 

Q: What is the merger?
 

A: Cadence and State Bank have entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of May 11, 2018, which we refer to as the merger
agreement. Under the merger agreement, State Bank will merge with and into Cadence, with Cadence continuing as the surviving corporation, in a
transaction we refer to as the merger. Immediately following the completion of the merger, State Bank and Trust Company, a wholly owned
subsidiary of State Bank, which we refer to as SBTC, will merge with and into Cadence Bank, N.A., a wholly owned subsidiary of Cadence,
which we refer to as Cadence Bank, with Cadence Bank continuing as the surviving bank, in a transaction we refer to as the bank merger. A copy
of the merger agreement is included in this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus as Annex A.

If the merger is completed, State Bank shareholders will receive 1.160 shares, which we refer to as the exchange ratio of Cadence Class A
common stock for each share of State Bank common stock (except for treasury stock or shares owned by State Bank or Cadence (in each case
other than in a fiduciary or agency capacity or as a result of debts previously contracted)) they hold immediately prior to the merger, plus cash in
lieu of fractional shares. As a result of the foregoing, based on the number of shares of Cadence Class A common stock and State Bank common
stock outstanding as of May 11, 2018, the last trading day before public announcement of the merger, it is expected that Cadence stockholders will
hold approximately 65%, and State Bank shareholders will hold approximately 35%, of the shares of the combined company outstanding
immediately after the effective time of the merger, which we refer to as the effective time.

The merger cannot be completed unless, among other things, State Bank shareholders approve the proposal to approve the merger agreement.
 

Q: Why am I receiving this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus?
 

A: We are delivering this document to you because it is an information statement being used by the Cadence board of directors to provide Cadence
stockholders with material information concerning the actions taken in connection with the Cadence written consent (as defined below), and a
proxy statement being used by the State Bank board of directors to solicit proxies of State Bank shareholders in connection with approval of the
merger and related matters.

In order to approve the merger agreement and related matters, State Bank has called a special meeting of its shareholders, which we refer to as the
State Bank special meeting. This document serves as the proxy statement for the State Bank special meeting and describes the proposals to be
presented at the State Bank special meeting.

Finally, this document is also a prospectus that is being delivered to State Bank shareholders because, in connection with the merger, Cadence will
be issuing to State Bank shareholders shares of Cadence Class A common stock as merger consideration.

For Cadence stockholders, this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus contains important information about the merger and
the other actions taken in connection with the Cadence written consent (as defined below). Cadence is not asking you for a proxy and you are not
requested to send Cadence a proxy.

 
1



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 10/178

Table of Contents

For State Bank shareholders, this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus contains important information about the merger and
the other proposals being voted on at the State Bank special meeting and important information to consider in connection with an investment in
Cadence Class A common stock. You should read it carefully and in its entirety. The enclosed materials allow you to have your shares of State
Bank common stock voted by proxy without attending the State Bank special meeting. Your vote is important and we encourage you to submit
your proxy as soon as possible.

For Cadence Stockholders
 

Q: Has the Cadence board of directors approved the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including
the Cadence stock issuance?

 

A: After careful consideration of the various factors described in “The Merger—Cadence’s Reasons for the Merger,” the Cadence board of directors
has unanimously (i) determined that the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the merger, are in the best
interests of Cadence and the Cadence stockholders, and declared that the merger agreement is advisable, and (ii) approved the execution, delivery
and performance by Cadence of the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the merger.

 
Q: Has Cadence stockholder approval of the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including the

Cadence stock issuance, been obtained?
 

A: Yes. Immediately following the execution of the merger agreement, Cadence Bancorp, LLC, the holder of 54,875,000 shares of Cadence Class A
common stock, or approximately 65.6% of the shares of Cadence Class A common stock outstanding and entitled to vote on such matters as of
May 11, 2018, executed a written consent in lieu of a meeting, which we refer to as the Cadence written consent, approving (i) the adoption of the
merger agreement and (ii) the issuance of shares of Cadence Class A common stock in connection with the merger as contemplated by the merger
agreement, which we refer to as the Cadence stock issuance. As a result, no further action by any other Cadence stockholder is required in
connection with the adoption of the merger agreement and the approval of the Cadence stock issuance by Cadence stockholders.

 
Q: Why are Cadence stockholders receiving this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus?
 

A: This joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus is being provided to you for your information to comply with the Exchange Act
requirements. You are urged to read this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus in its entirety. However, no action is required
on your part in connection with this document. Cadence is not asking you for a proxy and you are requested not to send Cadence a proxy.

 
Q: What will Cadence stockholders receive in the merger?
 

A: If the merger is completed, Cadence stockholders will not receive any merger consideration and will continue to hold the shares of Cadence
Class A common stock that they currently hold. As a result of the Cadence stock issuance, however, the overall ownership percentage of the
Cadence stockholders in the combined company will be diluted. Based on the number of shares of Cadence Class A common stock and State Bank
common stock outstanding as of May 11, 2018, the last trading day before public announcement of the merger, it is expected that Cadence
stockholders will hold approximately 65%, and State Bank shareholders will hold approximately 35%, of the shares of the combined company
outstanding immediately after the effective time.

 
2



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 11/178

Table of Contents

For State Bank Shareholders
 

Q: What are State Bank shareholders being asked to vote on at the State Bank special meeting?
 

A: State Bank is soliciting proxies from its shareholders with respect to the following proposals:
 

 •  a proposal to approve the merger agreement, which we refer to as the merger proposal;
 

 
•  a proposal to approve, on an advisory (non-binding) basis, the compensation that may be paid or become payable to the named executive

officers of State Bank that is based on or otherwise relates to the merger, which we refer to as the compensation proposal; and
 

 
•  a proposal to adjourn the State Bank special meeting, if necessary or appropriate, for the purpose of soliciting additional proxies in favor of

the merger proposal, which we refer to as the adjournment proposal.

 
Q: What will State Bank shareholders receive in the merger?
 

A: If the merger is completed, State Bank shareholders will receive 1.160 shares, which we refer to as the exchange ratio, of Cadence Class A
common stock, which we refer to as the merger consideration, for each share of State Bank common stock held immediately prior to the merger.
Cadence will not issue any fractional shares of Cadence Class A common stock in the merger. State Bank shareholders who would otherwise be
entitled to a fraction of a share of Cadence Class A common stock upon the completion of the merger will instead receive, for the fraction of a
share, an amount in cash (rounded to the nearest cent) based on the average of the closing-sale prices of Cadence Class A common stock for the
five full trading days ending on the trading day preceding the closing date of the merger.

 
Q: How will the merger affect State Bank restricted stock awards?
 

A: Under the merger agreement, at the effective time, each outstanding State Bank restricted stock award will vest (with any performance-based
vesting condition deemed to have been achieved to the extent set forth in the award agreement applicable to such restricted stock award) and be
cancelled and converted automatically into the right to receive the merger consideration in respect of each share of State Bank common stock
underlying such restricted stock award (together with any accrued but unpaid dividends corresponding to the portion of the restricted stock award
that vests).

 
Q: How will the merger affect State Bank warrants?
 

A: Under the merger agreement, at the effective time, each outstanding warrant to purchase shares of State Bank common stock will be converted
automatically into a warrant to purchase shares of Cadence Class A common stock, with the number of underlying shares and per share strike price
adjusted to reflect the exchange ratio.

 
Q: What are the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the merger to State Bank shareholders?
 

A: It is intended that the merger qualify as a “reorganization” within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended, which we refer to as the Code. It is a condition to the completion of the merger that Cadence and State Bank receive written opinions
from their respective counsel to the effect that the merger will qualify as a “reorganization” within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code. If
the merger so qualifies, a U.S. holder (as defined under “Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences”) of State Bank common stock,
generally will not recognize gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes upon the exchange of shares of State Bank common stock for shares
of Cadence Class A common stock pursuant to the merger, except with respect to cash received instead of fractional shares of Cadence Class A
common stock. For further information, see “Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences” beginning on page 132.

All holders of State Bank common stock should consult their own tax advisors for a full understanding of the particular tax consequences of the
merger to them.

 
3



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 12/178

Table of Contents

Q: If I am a State Bank shareholder, should I send in my State Bank stock certificate(s) now?
 

A: No. Please do not send in your State Bank stock certificate(s) with your proxy. After the merger, an exchange agent will send you instructions for
exchanging State Bank stock certificates for the merger consideration. See “The Merger Agreement—Conversion of Shares; Exchange of
Certificates.”

 
Q: What should I do if I hold my shares of State Bank common stock in book-entry form?
 

A: You are not required to take any additional actions, in connection with the conversion at the effective time of your shares of State Bank common
stock into shares of Cadence Class A common stock, if your shares of State Bank common stock are held in book-entry form. After the completion
of the merger, shares of State Bank common stock held in book-entry form automatically will be exchanged for book-entry shares of Cadence
Class A common stock.

 
Q: Will the value of the merger consideration change between the date of this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus

and the time the merger is completed?
 

A: Yes. Although the merger consideration is fixed, the value of the merger consideration will fluctuate between the date of this joint information
statement/proxy statement and prospectus and the completion of the merger based upon the market value for Cadence Class A common stock. Any
fluctuation in the market price of Cadence Class A common stock after the date of this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus
will change the value of the shares of Cadence Class A common stock that State Bank shareholders will receive.

Based on the closing price per share of Cadence Class A common stock on the New York Stock Exchange, or the NYSE, on May 11, 2018, the last
trading day before public announcement of the merger, the exchange ratio represented approximately $35.07 in value for each share of State Bank
common stock. Based on the closing price per share of Cadence Class A common stock on July 24, 2018, the latest practicable trading day before
the date of this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus, the exchange ratio represented approximately $32.97 in value for each
share of State Bank common stock. We urge you to obtain current market quotations for shares of Cadence Class A common stock (trading
symbol “CADE”) and shares of State Bank common stock (currently traded on The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC, or NASDAQ, under the trading
symbol “STBZ”).

 
Q: How does the State Bank board of directors recommend that I vote at the State Bank special meeting?
 

A: The State Bank board of directors unanimously recommends that you vote “FOR” the merger proposal, “FOR” the compensation proposal and
“FOR” the adjournment proposal.

 
Q: When and where is the State Bank special meeting?
 

A: The State Bank special meeting will be held at State Bank’s headquarters located at 3399 Peachtree Road,
 NE, Suite 1900, Atlanta, Georgia 30326 on September 18, 2018, at 1:00 p.m., Eastern Time.

 
Q: What do I need to do now?
 

A: After you have carefully read this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus and have decided how you wish to vote your shares
of State Bank common stock, please vote your shares promptly so that your shares are represented and voted at the State Bank special meeting. If
you hold your shares in your name as a shareholder of record, you must complete, sign, date, and mail your proxy card in the enclosed postage-
paid return envelope as soon as possible. Alternatively, you may vote in person by attending the State Bank special meeting. If you hold your
shares in “street name” through a bank or broker, you must direct your bank or broker how to vote in accordance with the instructions you have
received from your bank or broker. “Street name” shareholders who wish to vote in person at the State Bank special meeting will need to obtain a
legal proxy from the institution that holds their shares.

 
4



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 13/178

Table of Contents

Q: What constitutes a quorum for the State Bank special meeting?
 

A: The presence at the State Bank special meeting, in person or by proxy, of holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of State Bank common
stock entitled to vote at the State Bank special meeting will constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. Abstentions will be included in
determining the number of shares present at the meeting for the purpose of determining the presence of a quorum.

 
Q: What is the vote required to approve each proposal at the State Bank special meeting?
 

A: Merger proposal:
 

 
•  Standard: Approval of the merger proposal requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of State Bank

common stock entitled to vote on the proposal.
 

 
•  Effect of abstentions and broker non-votes: If you fail to vote, mark “ABSTAIN” on your proxy, or fail to instruct your bank or broker with

respect to the merger proposal, it will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the proposal.

Compensation proposal:
 

 
•  Standard: Approval of the compensation proposal requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the votes cast at the State

Bank special meeting.
 

 
•  Effect of abstentions and broker non-votes: If you mark “ABSTAIN” on your proxy card, fail to submit a proxy card or vote in person at the

State Bank special meeting, or fail to instruct your bank or broker how to vote with respect to the compensation proposal, you will be
deemed not to have cast a vote with respect to the proposal and it will have no effect on the proposal.

Adjournment proposal:
 

 
•  Standard: Approval of the adjournment proposal requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the votes cast at the State Bank

special meeting.
 

 
•  Effect of abstentions and broker non-votes: If you mark “ABSTAIN” on your proxy card, fail to submit a proxy card or vote in person at the

State Bank special meeting, or fail to instruct your bank or broker how to vote with respect to the adjournment proposal, you will be deemed
not to have cast a vote with respect to the proposal and it will have no effect on the proposal.

 
Q: Why is my vote important?
 

A: If you do not vote, it will be more difficult for State Bank to obtain the necessary quorum to hold the State Bank special meeting. In addition, your
failure to submit a proxy or vote in person, or failure to instruct your bank or broker how to vote, or abstention will have the same effect as a vote
“AGAINST” the merger proposal.

 
Q: If my shares of common stock are held in “street name” by my bank or broker, will my bank or broker automatically vote my shares for

me?
 

A: No. Your bank or broker cannot vote your shares without instructions from you. If your shares are held in “street name” through a bank, broker, or
other holder of record, you must provide the record holder of your shares with instructions on how to vote the shares. Please follow the voting
instructions provided by the bank or broker. You may not vote shares held in street name by returning a proxy card directly to State Bank, or by
voting in person at the State Bank special meeting, unless you provide a “legal proxy,” which you must obtain from your broker, bank, or other
nominee. Further, brokers, banks, or other nominees who hold shares of State Bank common stock on behalf of their customers may not give a
proxy to State Bank to vote those shares with respect to any of the proposals without specific instructions from their customers, as brokers, banks,
and other nominees do not have discretionary voting power on these matters. Failure to instruct your bank or broker how to vote will have the
same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the merger proposal.

 
5



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 14/178

Table of Contents

Q: Can I attend the State Bank special meeting and vote my shares in person?
 

A: Yes. All State Bank shareholders, including shareholders of record and shareholders who hold their shares through banks, brokers, nominees, or
any other holder of record, are invited to attend the State Bank special meeting. Holders of record of State Bank common stock can vote in person
at the State Bank special meeting. If you are not a shareholder of record (i.e., if your shares are held for you in “street name”), you must obtain a
legal proxy, executed in your favor, from the record holder of your shares, such as a broker, bank, or other nominee, to be able to vote in person at
the meetings. If you plan to attend the State Bank meeting, you must hold your shares in your own name or have a letter from the record holder of
your shares confirming your ownership. In addition, you must bring a form of personal photo identification with you in order to be admitted to the
meeting. State Bank reserves the right to refuse admittance to anyone without proper proof of share ownership or without proper photo
identification. Whether or not you intend to be present at the State Bank special meeting, you are urged to promptly sign, date, and return
your proxy card. If you are then present and wish to vote your shares in person, your original proxy may be revoked by voting at the State Bank
special meeting.

 
Q: Can I change my vote?
 

A: Yes. If you are a holder of record of State Bank common stock, you may change your vote at any time before your shares of State Bank common
stock are voted at the State Bank special meeting by: (1) signing and returning a proxy card with a later date; (2) attending the special meeting in
person, notifying State Bank’s corporate secretary, and voting by ballot at the special meeting; or (3) delivering a written revocation letter to State
Bank’s corporate secretary at 3399 Peachtree Road NE, Suite 1900, Atlanta, Georgia 30326. If you hold your shares in “street name” through a
bank, broker, or other holder of record, you should contact your record holder to change your vote.

 
Q: What should I do if I receive more than one set of voting materials?
 

A: State Bank shareholders may receive more than one set of voting materials, including multiple copies of this joint information statement/proxy
statement and prospectus and multiple proxy cards or voting instruction cards. For example, if you hold shares of State Bank common stock in
more than one brokerage account, you will receive a separate voting instruction card for each brokerage account in which you hold such shares. If
you are a holder of record of State Bank common stock and your shares are registered in more than one name, you will receive more than one
proxy card. Please complete, sign, date and return each proxy card and voting instruction card that you receive or otherwise follow the voting
instructions set forth in this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus to ensure that you vote every share of State Bank common
stock that you own.

 
Q: Will State Bank be required to submit the merger proposal to its shareholders even if the State Bank board of directors has withdrawn,

modified, or qualified its recommendation?
 

A: Yes. Unless the merger agreement is terminated before the State Bank special meeting, State Bank is required to submit the merger proposal to its
shareholders even if the State Bank board of directors has withdrawn, modified or qualified its recommendation that State Bank shareholders
approve the merger agreement.

For Both Cadence Stockholders and State Bank Shareholders
 

Q: Are State Bank shareholders entitled to appraisal rights?
 

A: No, State Bank shareholders will not be entitled to appraisal rights. For further information, see “The Merger—Appraisal Rights in the Merger.”
 

6



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 15/178

Table of Contents

Q: When do you expect to complete the merger?
 

A: Cadence and State Bank expect to complete the merger in the fourth quarter of 2018. However, neither Cadence nor State Bank can assure you of
when or if the merger will be completed. Cadence and State Bank must obtain the approval of the merger agreement by the State Bank
shareholders at the State Bank special meeting, and also must obtain necessary regulatory approvals in addition to satisfying certain other closing
conditions.

 
Q: What happens if the merger is not completed?
 

A: If the merger is not completed, State Bank shareholders will not receive any consideration for their shares of State Bank common stock in
connection with the merger. Instead, State Bank will remain an independent, public company and State Bank common stock will continue to be
listed and traded on NASDAQ. In addition, if the merger agreement is terminated in certain circumstances, a termination fee may be required to be
paid by State Bank to Cadence. Further, if the merger agreement is terminated under certain circumstances, an expense reimbursement amount
may be required to be paid by Cadence to State Bank. See “The Merger Agreement—Termination Fee” for a complete discussion of the
circumstances under which any such termination fee or expense reimbursement amount will be required to be paid.

 
Q: Whom should I call with questions?
 

A: Cadence stockholders: If you have any questions concerning the merger or this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus, or
would like additional copies of this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus, please contact Cadence’s Investor Relations
department at Post Oak Boulevard, Suite 3800, Houston, Texas 77056, Attention: Investor Relations, or at (713) 871-4000.

State Bank shareholders: If you have any questions concerning the merger or this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus,
would like additional copies of this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus, or need help voting your shares of State Bank
common stock, please contact State Bank’s proxy solicitor, D.F. King & Co., Inc., at (212) 269-5550, or toll-free at (800) 622-1569.

 
7



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 16/178

Table of Contents

SUMMARY

This summary highlights selected information from this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus. It may not contain
all of the information that is important to you. We urge you to read carefully the entire joint information statement/proxy statement and
prospectus, including the annexes, and the other documents to which we refer in order to fully understand the merger. Please see “Where
You Can Find More Information.” Each item in this summary refers to the page of this joint information statement/proxy statement and
prospectus on which that subject is discussed in more detail.

The Merger (page 41)

Cadence and State Bank are proposing a strategic merger. If the merger is completed, State Bank shareholders will receive 1.160 shares of Cadence
Class A common stock for each share of State Bank common stock they hold immediately prior to the merger. Cadence will not issue any fractional
shares of Cadence Class A common stock in the merger. State Bank shareholders who would otherwise be entitled to a fraction of a share of
Cadence Class A common stock upon the completion of the merger will instead receive, for the fraction of a share, an amount in cash (rounded to
the nearest cent) based on the average of the closing-sale prices of Cadence Class A common stock for the five full trading days ending on the
trading day preceding the closing date of the merger.

As a result of the foregoing, based on the number of shares of Cadence Class A common stock and State Bank common stock outstanding as of
May 11, 2018, the last trading day before public announcement of the merger, it is expected that Cadence stockholders will hold approximately
65%, and State Bank shareholders will hold approximately 35%, of the shares of the combined company outstanding immediately after the
effective time of the merger, which we refer to as the effective time. Cadence Class A common stock is listed on the NYSE under the symbol
“CADE,” and State Bank common stock is listed on NASDAQ under the symbol “STBZ.” The following table shows the closing sale prices of
Cadence Class A common stock and State Bank common stock as reported on the NYSE and NASDAQ, respectively, on May 11, 2018, the last
trading day before the public announcement of the merger agreement, and on July 24, 2018, the latest practicable trading day before the date of this
joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus. The table also shows the implied value of the merger consideration payable for each
share of State Bank common stock, which we calculated by multiplying the closing price per share of Cadence Class A common stock on those
dates by the exchange ratio of 1.160.
 

   

Cadence
Class A

Common
Stock    

State
Bank

Common
Stock    

Implied Value
of One Share
of State Bank

Common
Stock  

May 11, 2018   $ 30.23   $ 33.08   $ 35.07 
July 24, 2018   $  28.42   $  32.88   $   32.97 

The merger agreement governs the merger. The merger agreement is included in this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus as
Annex A. All descriptions in this summary and elsewhere in this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus of the terms and
conditions of the merger are qualified in their entirety by reference to the merger agreement. Please read the merger agreement carefully for a more
complete understanding of the merger.

Cadence’s Reasons for the Merger (page 57)

The Cadence board of directors has unanimously (i) determined that the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the
merger, are in the best interests of Cadence and the Cadence stockholders, and declared that the merger agreement is advisable, and (ii) approved
the execution, delivery and performance

 
8



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 17/178

Table of Contents

by Cadence of the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the merger. The Cadence written consent was obtained
on May 11, 2018 immediately after the execution of the merger agreement. As a result, no further action by any other Cadence stockholder is
required in connection with the adoption of the merger agreement and the approval of the Cadence stock issuance by Cadence stockholders. For the
factors considered by the Cadence board of directors in reaching its decision to approve the merger agreement, see “The Merger—Cadence’s
Reasons for the Merger,” beginning on page 51.

State Bank’s Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of the State Bank Board of Directors (page 67)

The State Bank board of directors has unanimously (i) determined that the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including
the merger, are in the best interests of State Bank and the State Bank shareholders and (ii) adopted the merger agreement and approved the
execution, delivery and performance by State Bank of the merger agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby,
including the merger. The State Bank board of directors unanimously recommends that the State Bank shareholders vote “FOR” the
merger proposal, “FOR” the compensation proposal and “FOR” the adjournment proposal, if necessary or appropriate to solicit
additional votes for approval of the merger proposal. For the factors considered by the State Bank board of directors in reaching its decision to
adopt the merger agreement, see “The Merger—State Bank’s Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of the State Bank Board of Directors,”
beginning on page 67.

Opinion of Cadence’s Financial Advisor (page 55 and Annex B)

At a meeting of the Cadence board of directors held on May 11, 2018, Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, which we refer to as Goldman Sachs, rendered
to the Cadence board of directors its oral opinion, subsequently confirmed in writing, to the effect that, as of that date, and based upon and subject
to the factors and assumptions set forth in Goldman Sachs’ written opinion, the exchange ratio of 1.16 shares of Cadence Class A common stock to
be paid by Cadence for each share of State Bank common stock, pursuant to the merger agreement was fair from a financial point of view to
Cadence.

The full text of the written opinion of Goldman Sachs, dated May 11, 2018, which sets forth assumptions made, procedures followed, matters
considered, qualifications and limitations on the review undertaken in connection with the opinion, is attached to this document as Annex B. The
summary of the Goldman Sachs opinion contained in this document is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of Goldman Sachs’
written opinion. Goldman Sachs’ advisory services and opinion were provided for the information and assistance of the Cadence board of directors
in connection with its consideration of the proposed transaction and the opinion does not constitute a recommendation as to how any holder of
Cadence Class A common stock should vote with respect to the proposed transaction or any other matter.

Pursuant to the engagement letter under which Goldman Sachs was engaged to serve as the financial advisor to the Cadence board or directors,
Cadence has agreed to pay Goldman Sachs a transaction fee of $6.0 million, $500,000 of which was paid at the announcement of the proposed
transaction, and the remainder of which is contingent upon consummation of the proposed transaction.

For further information, see “The Merger—Opinion of Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC,” beginning on page 55 and Annex B.

Opinion of State Bank’s Financial Advisors (pages 73, 82 and 94 and Annexes C, D and E)

Opinion of Raymond James & Associates Inc.

At the May 11, 2018 meeting of the State Bank board of directors, representatives of Raymond James rendered Raymond James’ written opinion to
the Board dated May 11, 2018, as to the fairness, as of such date, from a financial point of view, to State Bank shareholders of the exchange ratio to
be received by such holders in the

 
9



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 18/178

Table of Contents

merger pursuant to the merger agreement, based upon and subject to the qualifications, assumptions and other matters considered in connection
with the preparation of its opinion.

The full text of the written opinion of Raymond James, dated May 11, 2018, which sets forth, among other things, the various qualifications,
assumptions and limitations on the scope of the review undertaken, is attached as Annex D to this joint information statement/proxy statement and
prospectus. Raymond James provided its opinion for the information and assistance of the State Bank board of directors (solely in each director’s
capacity as such) in connection with, and for purposes of, its consideration of the merger and its opinion only addresses whether the exchange ratio
to be received by State Bank shareholders in the merger pursuant to the merger agreement was fair, from a financial point of view, to such
shareholders. The opinion of Raymond James did not address any other term or aspect of the merger agreement or the transactions contemplated
thereby. The Raymond James opinion does not constitute a recommendation to the board of directors of State Bank or any State Bank shareholder
as to how the State Bank board of directors, such shareholder or any other person should vote or otherwise act with respect to the merger or any
other matter.

For further information, see “The Merger—Opinion of Raymond James & Associates Inc.,” beginning on page 73.

Opinion of Sandler O’Neill & Partners, L.P.

At the May 11, 2018 meeting at which the State Bank board of directors considered and discussed the terms of the merger agreement and the
merger, Sandler O’Neill & Partners, L.P., which we refer to as Sandler O’Neill, delivered to the State Bank board of directors its oral opinion,
which was subsequently confirmed in writing on May 11, 2018, to the effect that, as of such date, the exchange ratio in the merger was fair to the
holders of State Bank common stock, from a financial point of view. The full text of Sandler O’Neill’s opinion is attached as Annex C to this joint
information statement/proxy statement and prospectus. The opinion outlines the procedures followed, assumptions made, matters considered and
qualifications and limitations on the review undertaken by Sandler O’Neill in rendering its opinion. The description of the opinion set forth below
is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the opinion. State Bank shareholders are urged to read the entire opinion carefully in
connection with their consideration of the proposed merger.

For further information, see “The Merger—Opinion of Sandler O’Neill & Partners, L.P.,” beginning on page 82.

Opinion of FIG Partners, LLC

FIG Partners, LLC, which we refer to as FIG Partners, delivered to the Independent Directors Committee of the State Bank board of directors its
opinion dated May 11, 2018 that, based upon and subject to the various considerations set forth in its written opinion, the merger consideration to
be paid to State Bank shareholders is fair to the State Bank shareholders from a financial point of view. In requesting FIG Partners advice and
opinion, no limitations were imposed by State Bank with respect to the investigations made or procedures followed by it in rendering this opinion.
The full text of the opinion of FIG Partners, which describes the procedures followed, assumptions made, matters considered and limitations on the
review undertaken by FIG Partners, is attached hereto as Annex E. State Bank shareholders should read this opinion in its entirety. FIG Partners’
opinion speaks only as of May 11, 2018, the date of the opinion.

FIG Partners received a $350,000 fee from State Bank for performing its financial advisory services in connection with the merger and rendering a
written opinion to the Independent Directors Committee of the State Bank board of directors as to the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the
merger consideration to State Bank shareholders.
 

 
10



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 19/178

Table of Contents

For further information, see “The Merger—Opinion of FIG Partners, LLC,” beginning on page 94.

Treatment of State Bank Restricted Stock Awards and Warrants (page 116)

Restricted Stock. Under the merger agreement, at the effective time, each outstanding State Bank restricted stock award will vest (with any
performance-based vesting condition deemed to have been achieved to the extent set forth in the award agreement applicable to such restricted
stock award) and be cancelled and converted automatically into the right to receive the merger consideration in respect of each share of State Bank
common stock underlying such restricted stock award (together with any accrued but unpaid dividends corresponding to the portion of the
restricted stock award that vests).

Warrants. At the effective time, each outstanding warrant to purchase shares of State Bank common stock will be converted automatically into a
warrant to purchase shares of Cadence Class A common stock, with the number of underlying shares and per share strike price adjusted to reflect
the exchange ratio.

For further information, see “The Merger Agreement—Treatment of State Bank Restricted Stock Awards and Warrants,” beginning on page 116.

State Bank Will Hold its Special Meeting on September 18, 2018 (page 34)

The State Bank special meeting will be held on September 18, 2018 at State Bank’s headquarters located at 3399 Peachtree Road, NE, Suite 1900,
Atlanta, Georgia 30326 at 1:00 p.m., Eastern Time local time. At the State Bank special meeting, State Bank shareholders will be asked to consider
and vote upon the following matters:
 

 
•  a proposal to approve the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of May 11, 2018, as it may be amended from time to time, by and

between State Bank and Cadence, pursuant to which State Bank will merge with and into Cadence, with Cadence continuing as the
surviving corporation, which we refer to as the merger proposal;

 

 
•  a proposal to approve, on an advisory (non-binding) basis, the compensation that may be paid or become payable to the named

executive officers of State Bank that is based on or otherwise relates to the merger, which we refer to as the compensation proposal; and
 

 
•  a proposal to approve one or more adjournments of the State Bank special meeting, if necessary or appropriate, including adjournments

to permit further solicitation of proxies in favor of the merger proposal, which we refer to as the adjournment proposal.

The State Bank board of directors has fixed the close of business on July 19, 2018 as the record date for determining the holders of State Bank
common stock entitled to receive notice of and to vote at the State Bank special meeting.

As of the State Bank record date, there were 39,124,102 shares of State Bank common stock outstanding and entitled to vote at the State Bank
special meeting held by approximately 486 holders of record. Each share of State Bank common stock entitles the holder to one vote at the State
Bank special meeting on each proposal to be considered at the State Bank special meeting.

For further information, see “The State Bank Special Meeting” beginning on page 34.

Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger (page 132)

It is intended that the merger qualify as a “reorganization” within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code. It is a condition to the completion of
the merger that Cadence and State Bank receive written opinions from their respective counsel to the effect that the merger will qualify as a
“reorganization” within the meaning of

 
11



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 20/178

Table of Contents

Section 368(a) of the Code. If the merger so qualifies, a U.S. holder (as defined under “Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences”) of State
Bank common stock, generally will not recognize gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes upon the exchange of shares of State Bank
common stock for shares of Cadence Class A common stock pursuant to the merger, except with respect to cash received instead of fractional
shares of Cadence Class A common stock. For further information, see “Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger” beginning
on page 132.

All holders of State Bank common stock should consult their own tax advisors for a full understanding of the particular tax consequences of the
merger to them.

Interests of State Bank’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger (page 103)

In considering the recommendation of the State Bank board of directors with respect to the merger, State Bank shareholders should be aware that
State Bank’s directors and executive officers have interests in the merger, including financial interests, that may be different from, or in addition to,
the interests of the other shareholders of State Bank. The State Bank board of directors was aware of and considered these interests during its
deliberations of the merits of the merger and in determining to recommend to State Bank’s shareholders that they vote for the merger proposal and
thereby approve the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including the merger (to the extent such interests existed at that time).

These interests include, among others:
 

 
•  As holders of State Bank restricted stock awards, State Bank’s directors and executive officers will be entitled to accelerated vesting of

such awards.
 

 
•  J. Thomas Wiley, Jr. and Kim Childers will each receive a lump sum cash severance payment and certain COBRA health continuation

benefits if the officer voluntarily terminates his employment within the period commencing three months before or 12 months after a
change in control under their existing employment agreements.

 

 
•  Joseph Evans will receive a lump sum cash severance payment and certain COBRA health continuation benefits if he is terminated

without cause or if he terminates his employment for cause within the period commencing three months before or 12 months after a
change in control under his existing employment agreement.

 

 
•  Sheila E. Ray, Remer Y. Brinson III, Bradford L. Watkins and certain other executive officers will receive a lump sum cash separation

payment if the officer is terminated without cause or if the officer terminates his or her employment for good reason within the period
commencing six months before or 12 months after a change in control under their existing separation agreements.

 

 
•  One executive officer of State Bank, who is not a named executive officer, will receive a lump sum payment within 30 days after State

Bank entered into the merger agreement and will receive an additional lump sum payment within 30 days after the closing of the merger
under the officer’s existing offer letter.

 

 
•  All of State Bank’s executive officers who are participants in the State Bank Executive Officer Annual Cash Incentive Plan will receive

their prorated portion of the amount State Bank accrued under such plan as of the effective time.
 

 
•  State Bank has entered into a split dollar life insurance agreement with Mr. Childers, which provides that, if his death occurs after

termination of his employment following the merger, his post-termination death benefit increases.
 

 
12



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 21/178

Table of Contents

 
•  Cadence has agree to provide certain ongoing indemnification and insurance coverage to the officers and directors of State Bank

following the merger for acts or omissions occurring prior to the merger.
 

 
•  Three members of the State Bank board of directors, including Mr. Evans, the current Chairman of State Bank, and Mr. Wiley, the

current Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of State Bank, will be appointed to serve on the Cadence and Cadence Bank boards
of director following the closing of the merger.

In addition, following the execution of the merger agreement, on June 11, 2018, certain of State Bank’s executive officers entered into services and
covenant agreements with Cadence pursuant to which they will provide advisory services to the combined company following the merger.

Also, as of July 16, 2018, Cadence entered into an offer letter with Sheila Ray, the current Chief Financial Officer, which provides for her services
as Executive Vice President, Chief Talent Officer, of Cadence.

For a more complete description of these interests, see the section entitled “The Merger—Interests of State Bank’s Directors and Executive Officers
in the Merger,” beginning on page 103.

Appraisal Rights in the Merger (page 112)

Under the Georgia Business Corporations Code, which we refer to as the GBCC, which is the law under which State Bank is incorporated, State
Bank shareholders will not be entitled to any appraisal rights or dissenters’ rights in connection with the merger.

For more information, see “The Merger—Appraisal Rights in the Merger,” beginning on page 112.

Regulatory Approvals Required for the Merger (page 112)

Subject to the terms of the merger agreement, both Cadence and State Bank have agreed to use their commercially reasonable efforts to obtain as
promptly as practicable all regulatory approvals necessary or advisable to complete the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement and to
comply with the terms and conditions of all such approvals. These approvals include approvals from, among others, the Board of Governors of the
Federal Reserve System, which we refer to as the Federal Reserve Board, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, which we refer to as the
OCC, and the Georgia Department of Banking and Finance, which we refer to as the Georgia DBF. Cadence and State Bank plan to file
applications and notifications to obtain the required regulatory approvals.

Although neither Cadence nor State Bank knows of any reason why it cannot obtain these regulatory approvals in a timely manner, Cadence and
State Bank cannot be certain when or if they will be obtained. For more information, see “The Merger—Regulatory Approvals Required for the
Merger,” beginning on page 112.

Conditions to Complete the Merger (page 126)

Each party’s obligation to complete the merger is subject to the satisfaction or waiver (to the extent permitted under applicable law) of certain
conditions, including: (1) the adoption of the merger agreement by the requisite vote of Cadence stockholders, which was obtained immediately
after the execution of the merger agreement; (2) the approval of the merger agreement by the requisite vote of State Bank shareholders; (3) the
receipt of all required regulatory approvals and expiration or termination of all statutory waiting periods in respect thereof, each as described
above; (4) authorization for listing on the NYSE of the shares of Cadence Class A common stock common stock to be issued in the merger;
(5) effectiveness of the registration statement on Form S-4 with respect to the shares of the Cadence Class A common stock to be issued in the
merger; (6) the absence of any

 
13



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 22/178

Table of Contents

order, injunction, or other legal restraint preventing the completion of the merger or making the completion of the merger illegal; (7) subject to
certain exceptions, the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the other party; (8) performance in all material respects by the other party
of its obligations under the merger agreement; (9) receipt by such party of an opinion from its counsel to the effect that the merger will qualify as a
“reorganization” within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code; and (10) the absence of any change, state of facts, event, development or effect
that has had, or would reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on the other party since
March 31, 2018.

Neither Cadence nor State Bank can be certain when, or if, the conditions to the merger will be satisfied or waived, or that the merger will be
completed. For more information, see “The Merger Agreement—Conditions to Complete the Merger,” beginning on page 126.

Termination of the Merger Agreement (page 127)

The merger agreement may be terminated at any time by Cadence or State Bank prior to the effective time under the following circumstances:
 

 •  by mutual written consent;
 

 
•  by either party, if any governmental entity issues a final and nonappealable order permanently enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the

consummation of the merger or the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement;
 

 

•  by either party, if the merger is not consummated by May 11, 2019 (subject to extension by mutual written consent of Cadence and
State Bank and extension by an additional 30 days if all conditions to closing have been satisfied with the exception of the conditions
relating to the requisite regulatory approvals and the effectiveness of the registration statement on Form S-4 and either party notifies the
other in writing of its election to extend the termination date), unless the failure of the merger to be consummated by that date is due to
the failure of the party seeking to terminate the merger agreement to perform or observe its covenants and agreements under the merger
agreement; or

 

 
•  by either party, subject to cure rights, if there shall have been a breach of any of the covenants or agreements, or any inaccuracy of any

of the representations or warranties of the other party, such that the conditions to the terminating party’s obligations to complete the
merger would not be satisfied.

In addition, the merger agreement may be terminated:
 

 

•  by Cadence if, prior to obtaining the approval of the State Bank shareholders of merger proposal, the State Bank board of directors
makes an adverse recommendation change or breaches its obligations with respect to the non-solicitation of acquisition proposals,
calling a meeting of its shareholders to approve the merger agreement or recommending that its shareholders approve the merger
agreement;

 

 

•  by State Bank, if the approval of the State Bank shareholders required by the merger agreement is not obtained at the State Bank special
meeting or any adjournment or postponement of the State Bank special meeting, in order to enter into a definitive agreement with
respect to a superior proposal, provided that that (i) State Bank has complied with its non-solicitation obligations under the merger
agreement in all material respects and (ii) State Bank pays (or causes to be paid) the termination fee (as defined below) prior to or
simultaneously with such termination;

 

 
•  by State Bank, if the Cadence written consent is not delivered to State Bank prior to 10:00 a.m. New York City time on the date

immediately following the date of the merger agreement (the Cadence written consent was delivered to State Bank immediately after
the execution of the merger agreement); or

 

 
•  by State Bank, if the price of the Cadence Class A common stock declines by more than 15% and the price of Cadence Class A

common stock underperforms a bank stock index by more than 15%,

 
14



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 23/178

Table of Contents

 
provided that Cadence will have a right to increase the exchange ratio to prevent these thresholds from being triggered in the event that
State Bank seeks to exercise this right.

For more information, see “The Merger Agreement—Termination of the Merger Agreement,” beginning on page 127.

Termination Fee and Expense Reimbursement (page 129)

If the merger agreement is terminated under certain circumstances, including circumstances involving alternative acquisition proposals and changes
in the recommendation of the State Bank board of directors, State Bank may be required to pay to Cadence a termination fee equal to $37,500,000.
This termination fee could discourage other companies from seeking to acquire or merge with State Bank. For more information, see “The Merger
Agreement—Termination Fee and Expense Reimbursement,” beginning on page 129.

Additionally, Cadence will be required to pay State Bank by wire transfer of same day funds an expense reimbursement amount of $2,000,000,
which we refer to as the expense reimbursement, if the merger agreement is terminated by Cadence or State Bank due to failure to obtain the
requisite regulatory approvals, which failure is caused primarily by regulatory concerns related to Cadence and its subsidiaries.

The Rights of State Bank Shareholders Will Change as a Result of the Merger (page 147)

The rights of State Bank shareholders will change as a result of the merger due to differences in Cadence’s and State Bank’s governing documents.
The rights of State Bank shareholders are governed by Georgia law and by the State Bank charter and bylaws. Upon the completion of the merger,
State Bank shareholders immediately prior to the effective time will become Cadence stockholders, as the continuing legal entity in the merger, and
the rights of State Bank shareholders will therefore be governed by Delaware law and the Cadence charter and bylaws. For example, Cadence
currently has a classified board of directors, whereas State Bank directors are elected on an annual basis.

For more information, see “Comparison of Stockholders’ and Shareholders’ Rights,” beginning on page 147 for a description of the material
differences in stockholders’ rights under each of the Cadence and State Bank governing documents.

Information About the Companies (page 40)

Cadence Bancorporation

Cadence Bancorporation is a bank holding company and a Delaware corporation headquartered in Houston, Texas, and is the parent company of
Cadence Bank, N.A. Formed in 2009 by banking industry veterans, Cadence secured $1.0 billion of capital commitments in 2010 and built its
franchise on the heels of three successful acquisitions: Cadence Bank, N.A. in March 2011, the franchise of Superior Bank in April 2011 and
Encore Bank, N.A. in July 2012. Today, Cadence is a growth-oriented, middle-market focused commercial relationship bank providing a broad
range of banking and wealth management services to businesses, high net worth individuals, business owners and retail customers through a
network of 65 branches, with branches in Alabama (25), Florida (14), Texas (11), Mississippi (11) and Tennessee (4). Cadence completed its initial
public offering and listing on the NYSE in April 2017. As of March 31, 2018, Cadence had $11.0 billion of assets, $8.6 billion of net loans,
$9.0 billion in deposits and $1.4 billion in shareholders’ equity. Cadence generated $38.8 million of net income for the quarter ended March 31,
2018 and $102.4 million and $65.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.

Cadence is focused on organic growth and expanding its position in its markets. Through its experienced and motivated team of commercial
relationship managers and our integrated, client-centric approach to banking, it

 
15



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 24/178

Table of Contents

has successfully grown each of its businesses. Cadence believes its franchise is positioned for continued growth as a result of (i) its attractive
geographic footprint, (ii) its focus and ability to provide differentiated, customized service to a wide variety of industries and clients, (iii) its stable
and cost efficient deposit funding base, (iv) its veteran board of directors, management team and relationship managers, (v) its capital position and
(vi) its credit quality and risk management processes.

Cadence Bancorporation’s principal office is located at 2800 Post Oak Boulevard, Suite 3800, Houston, Texas 77056, and its telephone number at
that location is (713) 871-4000. Cadence’s stock is traded on the NYSE under the symbol “CADE.” Additional information about Cadence and its
subsidiaries is included in documents incorporated by reference in information statement/proxy statement and prospectus. Please see “Where You
Can Find More Information.”

State Bank Financial Corporation

State Bank is a bank holding company that was incorporated under the laws of the State of Georgia in January 2010 to serve as the holding
company for SBTC. SBTC is a Georgia state-chartered bank that opened in October 2005.

Between July 24, 2009 and the date of this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus, SBTC has acquired $6.0 billion in total
assets and assumed $5.2 billion in deposits in 17 bank acquisition transactions. As a result of the bank acquisitions, SBTC has transformed from a
small community bank to a much larger commercial bank now operating 32 full-service banking offices throughout seven of Georgia’s eight largest
metropolitan statistical areas. SBTC offers a range of lending services, including commercial and residential real estate mortgage loans, real estate
construction loans, commercial and industrial loans, agriculture and consumer loans. Customers are generally individuals, owner-managed
businesses, farmers, professionals, real estate investors and smaller community banks within its market areas.

As of March 31, 2018, State Bank’s total assets were approximately $4.9 billion, total loans receivable were approximately $3.6 billion, total
deposits were approximately $4.2 billion and total shareholders’ equity was approximately $646.7 million.

State Bank’s headquarters is located at 3399 Peachtree Road, NE, Suite 1900, Atlanta, Georgia 30326, and its telephone number at that location is
(404) 475-6599. State Bank’s common stock is traded on NASDAQ under the symbol “STBZ.” Additional information about State Bank and its
subsidiaries is included in documents incorporated by reference in this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus. Please see
“Where You Can Find More Information.”

Risk Factors (page 28)

You should consider all the information contained in or incorporated by reference into this joint information statement/proxy statement and
prospectus in deciding how to vote for the proposals presented in the joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus. In particular, you
should consider the factors described under “Risk Factors” beginning on page 28.

 
16



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 25/178

Table of Contents

SELECTED CONSOLIDATED HISTORICAL FINANCIAL DATA OF CADENCE

The following table summarizes certain selected consolidated historical financial data of Cadence for the periods presented. The selected historical
financial data as of and for the three months ended March 31, 2018 and 2017 have been derived from Cadence’s unaudited interim consolidated
financial statements, which are incorporated by reference in this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus. The unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements include all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring items, which Cadence’s management
considers necessary for a fair presentation of its financial position and results of operations for these periods. The financial condition and results of
operations as of and for the three months ended March 31, 2018 do not purport to be indicative of the financial condition or results of operations to
be expected as of or for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018. The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements as of March 31, 2018
and for the three-month periods ended March 31, 2018 and 2017, together with the notes thereto are included in Cadence’s quarterly report on
Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2018, which is incorporated by reference into this joint information statement/proxy statement and
prospectus. The selected historical financial data as of and for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016, 2015 and 2014 have been derived from
Cadence’s audited consolidated financial statements, and Cadence’s audited consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2017 and 2016
and for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2017 have been incorporated by reference in this joint information
statement/proxy statement and prospectus.

The selected consolidated historical financial data of Cadence presented below contains financial measures that are not presented in accordance
with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles and which have not been audited. See “Non-GAAP Financial Measures” in Cadence’s quarterly
report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2018 and Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 for a
reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure.

 
17



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 26/178

Table of Contents

The selected consolidated historical financial data of Cadence presented below is only a summary and not necessarily indicative of the results of
future operations of Cadence or the combined company following the completion of the merger, and you should read such information together
with the historical consolidated financial information contained in Cadence’s consolidated financial statements and related notes, as well as the
information contained under the caption entitled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” in
Cadence’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2018 and Cadence’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2017, which have been filed with the SEC and are incorporated by reference in this joint information statement/proxy statement and
prospectus. For more information, see the section entitled “Where You Can Find More Information” beginning on page 159.
 
  

As of and for the three
months ended March 31,   As of and for the year ended December 31,  

(In thousands, except share and
per share data)  2018   2017   2017   2016   2015   2014  
Statement of Income Data:       
Net income  $ 38,825  $ 26,117  $ 102,353  $ 65,774  $ 39,256  $ 44,833 
Net interest income   91,111   74,758   326,216   279,439   247,778   255,088 
Noninterest income—service fees and

revenue   23,904   22,489   90,052   81,976   79,437   71,743 
Noninterest expense   61,939   54,321   233,356   220,180   232,332   245,147 
Provision for credit losses   4,380   5,786   9,735   49,348   35,984   14,118 
Per Share Data: (2)       
Earnings       

Basic  $ 0.46  $ 0.35  $ 1.26  $ 0.88  $ 0.52  $ 0.55 
Diluted   0.46   0.35   1.25   0.87   0.52   0.55 

Dividends declared per share   0.125   —     —     —     —     —   
Dividend payout ratio (3)   27.17%   —  %   —  %   —  %   —  %   —  % 
Book value per common share   16.23   14.75   16.25   14.41   14.06   13.52 
Tangible book value (1)   12.32   10.33   12.33   9.97   9.53   8.89 
Weighted average common shares

outstanding       
Basic   83,625,000   75,000,000   81,072,945   75,000,000   75,000,000   75,000,000 
Diluted   84,674,807   75,672,750   81,605,015   75,294,600   75,116,100   75,000,000 

Performance Ratios:       
Return on average common equity   11.73%   9.71%   8.16%   6.01%   3.78%   4.15% 
Return on average tangible common

equity (1)   15.52   13.96   11.08   8.68   5.65   6.45 
Return on average assets   1.44   1.10   1.02   0.71   0.47   0.64 
Net interest margin (3)   3.64   3.46   3.57   3.30   3.29   4.06 
Efficiency ratio (1)   53.35   54.95   54.77   59.86   70.90   74.25 
Period-End Balance Sheet Data:       
Investment securities,

available-for-sale  $ 1,246,005  $ 1,116,280  $ 1,262,948  $ 1,139,347  $ 720,810  $ 522,397 
Total loans, net of unearned income   8,646,987   7,561,472   8,253,427   7,432,711   6,916,520   6,192,793 
Allowance for credit losses (“ACL”)   91,537   88,304   87,576   82,268   79,783   53,520 
Total assets   10,999,382   9,720,937   10,948,926   9,530,888   8,811,511   7,944,804 
Total deposits   9,048,971   7,841,710   9,011,515   8,016,749   6,987,351   6,579,889 
Total shareholders’ equity   1,357,103   1,105,976   1,359,056   1,080,498   1,054,208   1,014,337 

 
18



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 27/178

Table of Contents

  
As of and for the three

months ended March 31,   As of and for the year ended December 31,  
(In thousands, except share and
per share data)  2018   2017   2017   2016   2015   2014  
Asset Quality Ratios:       
Total nonperforming assets (“NPAs”) to total

loans plus OREO and NPI   0.84%   2.25%   0.85%   2.22%   1.48%   1.15% 
Total ACL to total loans   1.06   1.17   1.06   1.11   1.15   0.86 
ACL to total nonperforming loans (“NPLs”)   175.30   65.80   183.62   63.80   114.25   219.64 
Net charge-offs to average loans (3)   0.02   (0.01)   0.06   0.65   0.15   0.09 
Capital Ratios:       
Total shareholders’ equity to assets   12.34%   11.38%   12.41%   11.34%   11.96%   12.77% 
Tangible common equity to tangible assets (1)   9.65   8.25   9.71   8.13   8.44   8.78 
Common equity tier 1 (CET1) (transitional)   10.42   8.99   10.79   8.84   8.70   NA 
Tier 1 leverage capital   10.57   9.10   11.12   8.89   9.20   9.50 
Tier 1 risk-based capital   10.79   9.36   11.17   9.19   9.00   9.20 
Total risk-based capital   12.63   11.43   13.18   11.22   11.10   10.70 
 
(1) Considered a non-GAAP financial measure. See “Non-GAAP Financial Measures” in Cadence’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the

quarter ended March 31, 2018 and Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 for a reconciliation of Cadence’s
non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure.

(2) As of the completion of a secondary offering in May 2018, 34,175,000 of our outstanding shares are owned by Cadence’s controlling
shareholder, Cadence Bancorp, LLC. Cadence Bancorp, LLC owned 54,875,000 of Cadence’s outstanding shares before the May 2018
secondary offering.

(3) Annualized for three-month periods ended March 31, 2018 and 2017.

 
19



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 28/178

Table of Contents

SELECTED CONSOLIDATED HISTORICAL FINANCIAL DATA OF STATE BANK

The following table summarizes certain selected consolidated historical financial data of State Bank for the periods presented. The selected
historical financial data as of and for the three months ended March 31, 2018 and 2017 have been derived from State Bank’s unaudited interim
consolidated financial statements, which are incorporated by reference in this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus. The
unaudited consolidated financial statements include all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring items, which State Bank’s management
considers necessary for a fair presentation of its financial position and results of operations for these periods. The financial condition and results of
operations as of and for the three months ended March 31, 2018 do not purport to be indicative of the financial condition or results of operations to
be expected as of or for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018. The unaudited consolidated financial statements as of March 31, 2018 and for the
three-month periods ended March 31, 2018 and 2017, together with the notes thereto are included in State Bank’s quarterly report on Form 10-Q
for the quarter ended March 31, 2018, which is incorporated by reference into this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus. The
selected historical financial data as of and for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016, 2015, 2014 and 2013 have been derived from State Bank’s
audited consolidated financial statements, and State Bank’s audited consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2017 and 2016 and for
each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2017 have been incorporated by reference in this joint information statement/proxy
statement and prospectus.

The following table summarizes certain selected consolidated historical financial data of State Bank for the periods presented. The selected
consolidated historical financial data of State Bank presented below contains financial measures that are not presented in accordance with U.S.
generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP, and which have not been audited. See “GAAP Reconciliation and Management Explanation of
Non-GAAP Financial Measures” in State Bank’s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2018 and Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 for a reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP
financial measure.

 
20



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 29/178

Table of Contents

The selected consolidated historical financial data of State Bank presented below is only a summary and not necessarily indicative of the results of
future operations of State Bank or the combined company following the completion of the merger, and you should read such information together
with the historical consolidated financial information contained in State Bank’s consolidated financial statements and related notes, as well as the
information contained under the caption entitled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” in
State Bank’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2018 and State Bank’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2017, which have been filed with the SEC and are incorporated by reference in this joint information statement/proxy
statement and prospectus. For more information, see the section entitled “Where You Can Find More Information” beginning on page 159.
 
  

As of and for the Three Months
Ended March 31,   As of and for the Years Ended December 31,  

(dollars in thousands,
except per share data)           2018                    2017                 2017              2016              2015              2014              2013       
Selected Results of Operations        
Interest income on loans  $ 48,444  $ 34,060  $ 151,258  $ 103,024  $ 92,938  $ 64,176  $ 61,010 
Accretion income on loans   5,946   7,677   34,096   43,310   49,830   78,857   122,466 
Interest income on invested funds   6,171   5,460   23,024   18,923   15,823   10,488   10,198 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Total interest income   60,561   47,197   208,378   165,257   158,591   153,521   193,674 
Interest expense   5,705   3,239   15,592   9,619   7,922   7,520   7,933 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Net interest income   54,856   43,958   192,786   155,638   150,669   146,001   185,741 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Provision for loan and lease losses
(organic & PNCI loans)   2,650   1,361   6,181   3,596   2,951   2,775   1,920 

Provision for loan and lease losses
(purchased credit impaired loans)   558   (359)   (71)   (3,359)   535   121   (4,407) 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Total provision for loan and
lease losses   3,208   1,002   6,110   237   3,486   2,896   (2,487) 

Amortization of FDIC receivable
for loss share agreements   —     —     —     —     (16,488)   (15,785)   (87,884) 

Other noninterest income (1)   10,461   9,459   39,757   39,301   36,599   15,387   16,937 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Total noninterest income   10,461   9,459   39,757   39,301   20,111   (398)   (70,947) 
Total noninterest expense   39,268   34,565   138,817   120,927   123,422   93,468   97,967 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Income before income taxes   22,841   17,850   87,616   73,775   43,872   49,239   19,314 
Income tax expense   5,476   6,292   41,042   26,184   15,449   18,321   6,567 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Net income  $ 17,365  $ 11,558  $ 46,574  $ 47,591  $ 28,423  $ 30,918  $ 12,747 
   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

Common Share Data        
Basic net income per share  $ 0.45  $ 0.30  $ 1.20  $ 1.29  $ 0.79  $ 0.96  $ 0.40 
Diluted net income per share   0.44   0.30   1.19   1.28   0.77   0.93   0.39 
Cash dividends declared per share   0.20   0.14   0.56   0.56   0.32   0.15   0.12 
Book value per share   16.58   15.96   16.45   15.80   14.47   14.38   13.62 
Tangible book value per share (2)   14.15   13.66   14.00   13.48   13.22   13.97   13.24 
Dividend payout ratio   45.45%   46.67%   47.06%   43.75%   41.56%   16.13%   30.77% 

Common Shares Outstanding        
Common stock   39,003,412   38,870,424   38,992,163   38,845,573   37,077,848   32,269,604   32,094,145 
Weighted average shares

outstanding:        
Basic   38,032,007   37,867,718   37,923,320   35,931,528   34,810,855   31,723,971   31,640,284 
Diluted   38,070,555   37,954,585   37,994,657   36,033,643   36,042,719   32,827,943   32,654,104 

 
21



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 30/178

Table of Contents

  
As of and for the Three Months

Ended March 31,   As of and for the Years Ended December 31,  
(dollars in thousands,
except per share data)           2018                    2017           2017   2016   2015   2014   2013  
Average Balance Sheet Highlights        
Loans (3)  $ 3,598,543  $ 2,846,571  $3,063,745  $2,354,276  $2,109,908  $1,481,730  $1,427,501 
Assets   4,860,730   4,181,961   4,387,897   3,550,650   3,366,505   2,661,512   2,600,583 
Deposits   4,084,844   3,423,506   3,632,528   2,892,726   2,773,351   2,166,229   2,107,198 
Equity   642,787   617,009   632,178   551,420   528,682   449,552   428,383 
Tangible common equity (2)   547,620   527,603   541,392   506,062   487,876   437,095   415,474 

Selected Actual Balances        
Total assets  $ 4,892,297  $ 4,202,681  $4,958,582  $4,224,859  $3,470,067  $2,882,210  $2,605,388 
Investment securities   892,770   963,350   906,822   914,241   887,705   640,086   387,048 
Organic loans   2,515,318   2,172,555   2,365,843   2,090,564   1,774,332   1,320,393   1,123,475 
Purchased non-credit impaired loans   945,679   528,065   990,736   563,362   240,310   107,797   —   
Purchased credit impaired loans   157,524   154,160   175,614   160,646   145,575   206,339   257,494 
Allowance for loan and lease losses   (31,317)   (26,976)   (28,750)   (26,598)   (29,075)   (28,638)   (34,065) 
Interest-earning assets   4,627,393   3,931,732   4,688,665   3,917,356   3,266,042   2,748,397   2,359,145 
Total deposits   4,184,432   3,409,775   4,243,135   3,431,165   2,861,962   2,391,682   2,128,325 
Interest-bearing liabilities   3,119,816   2,590,391   3,077,636   2,521,831   2,069,737   1,817,158   1,667,085 
Noninterest-bearing liabilities   1,125,827   992,007   1,239,395   1,089,395   863,840   600,957   501,120 
Shareholders’ equity   646,654   620,283   641,551   613,633   536,490   464,095   437,183 

Performance Ratios        
Return on average assets   1.45%   1.12%   1.06%   1.34%   0.84%   1.16%   0.49% 
Return on average equity   10.96   7.60   7.37   8.63   5.38   6.88   2.98 
Cost of funds   0.55   0.37   0.42   0.33   0.28   0.35   0.38 
Net interest margin (4)   4.86   4.59   4.70   4.68   4.78   5.91   8.32 
Interest rate spread (4)   4.61   4.41   4.50   4.50   4.64   5.76   8.20 
Efficiency ratio (5)   60.12   64.71   59.70   62.03   72.27   64.19   85.34 

Capital Ratios (6)        
Average equity to average assets   13.22%   14.75%   14.41%   15.53%   15.70%   16.89%   16.47% 
Leverage ratio   11.69   13.04   11.24   14.90   14.48   15.90   16.55 
CET1 risk-based capital ratio   12.44   14.74   12.61   14.78   17.71   N/A   N/A 
Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio   12.44   14.74   12.61   14.78   17.71   23.12   27.85 
Total risk-based capital ratio   13.14   15.49   13.28   15.52   18.75   24.37   29.11 

Organic Asset Quality Ratios        
Net charge-offs (recoveries) to total average

organic loans   0.09%   0.09%   0.09%   0.16%   0.00%   0.08%   (0.01)% 
Nonperforming organic loans to organic loans   0.39   0.28   0.31   0.30   0.29   0.42   0.20 
Nonperforming organic assets to organic loans

+ OREO   0.52   0.29   0.31   0.31   0.29   0.43   0.29 
Past due organic loans to organic loans   0.22   0.08   0.20   0.06   0.10   0.17   0.09 
Allowance for loan and lease losses on organic

loans to organic loans   0.99   1.01   1.02   1.01   1.20   1.39   1.48 

Purchased Non-Credit Impaired Asset
Quality Ratios        

Net charge-offs (recoveries) on PNCI loans to
average PNCI loans   0.01%   0.03%   0.10%   0.08%   0.01%   0.00%   0.00% 

Nonperforming PNCI loans to PNCI loans   0.96   0.78   0.59   0.60   0.77   0.10   0.00 
Nonperforming PNCI assets to PNCI loans +

OREO   0.96   0.78   0.59   0.60   0.77   0.10   0.00 
Past due PNCI loans to PNCI loans   0.45   0.90   0.40   0.68   0.39   0.46   0.00 
Allowance for loan and lease losses on PNCI

loans to PNCI loans   0.24   0.09   0.10   0.08   0.02   0.00   0.00 

 
22



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 31/178

Table of Contents

  
As of and for the Three Months

Ended March 31,   As of and for the Years Ended December 31,  
(dollars in thousands,
except per share data)           2018                    2017           2017   2016   2015   2014   2013  

Purchased Credit Impaired Asset Quality Ratios (7)        
Net (recoveries) charge-offs on PCI loans to average PCI loans   0.21%   0.30%   0.83%   (0.48)%   2.30%   1.96%   1.03% 
Past due PCI loans to PCI loans   6.47   10.68   5.84   8.92   16.64   15.62   20.03 
Allowance for loan and lease losses on PCI loans to PCI loans   2.66   2.98   2.12   3.16   5.36   4.97   6.76 
 
(1) Includes all line items of noninterest income other than amortization of FDIC receivable for loss share agreements.
(2) Denotes a non-GAAP financial measure. See “GAAP Reconciliation and Management Explanation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” in State Bank’s quarterly report

on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2018 and Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 for a reconciliation of non-GAAP
measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure.

(3) Includes average nonaccrual loans of $12.9 million for the three months ended March 31, 2018, $9.9 million for the three months ended March 31, 2017, $9.7 million
for 2017, $8.9 million for 2016, $5.6 million for 2015, $2.9 million for 2014, $3.3 million for 2013.

(4) Interest income calculated on a fully tax-equivalent basis using a tax rate of 21% for all periods beginning on or after January 1, 2018 and 35% for all periods prior to
January 1, 2018.

(5) Noninterest expenses divided by net interest income plus noninterest income.
(6) Beginning January 1, 2015, State Bank’s ratios are calculated using the Basel III framework. Capital ratios for prior periods were calculated using the Basel I

framework. The Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital ratio is a new ratio introduced under the Basel III framework.
(7) For each period presented, a portion of State Bank’s purchased credit impaired loans were contractually past due; however, such delinquencies were included in State

Bank’s performance expectations in determining the fair values of purchased credit impaired loans at each acquisition and at subsequent valuation dates. All purchased
credit impaired loan cash flows and the timing of such cash flows continue to be estimable and probable of collection and thus accretion income continues to be
recognized on these assets. As such, purchased credit impaired loans are not considered to be nonperforming assets.

 
23



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 32/178

Table of Contents

SELECTED UNAUDITED PRO FORMA FINANCIAL DATA

The following table shows selected unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information about the financial condition and results of
operations of Cadence giving effect to the merger, for the year ended December 31, 2017 and as of and for the three months ended March 31, 2018.

The selected unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information has been prepared using the acquisition method of accounting,
adjusted from Cadence’s unaudited interim financial statements as of and for the period ended March 31, 2018 and Cadence’s audited financial
statements for the year ended December 31, 2017 to give effect to the merger and the estimated acquisition accounting adjustments resulting from
the merger. The unaudited pro forma combined condensed consolidated balance sheet information as of March 31, 2018 in the tables below are
presented as if the merger occurred on March 31, 2018, and the unaudited pro forma combined condensed consolidated statements of income
information for the three months ended March 31, 2018 and the year ended December 31, 2017 is presented as if the merger occurred on January 1,
2017.

The selected unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information is presented for illustrative purposes only and does not necessarily
indicate the financial results of the combined companies had Cadence and State Bank actually been combined as of the dates indicated and at the
beginning of the periods presented, nor does it necessarily indicate the results of operations in future periods or the future financial position of the
combined entities, which could differ materially from those shown in this information. The selected unaudited pro forma condensed combined
financial information does not reflect the benefits of expected synergies or other factors that may result as a consequence of the merger.

The selected unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information has been derived from, and should be read in conjunction with, the
unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information, including the notes thereto, which is included in this joint information
statement/proxy statement and prospectus under “Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Statements.”
 

   

For the three
months ended

March 31,
2018    

For the year
ended

December 31,
2017  

   (In thousands)  
Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Consolidated Income Statement Information:   

Net interest income   $ 144,720   $ 510,158 
Provision for loan losses    7,588    15,845 
Income before income taxes    69,814    255,144 
Net income    54,033    139,181 

 
   

As of
March 31, 2018 

   (In thousands)  
Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Balance Sheet Information:   

Net loans   $ 12,144,698 
Total assets    16,621,464 
Deposits    13,232,621 
Shareholders’ equity    2,707,237 

 
24



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 33/178

Table of Contents

COMPARATIVE HISTORICAL AND UNAUDITED PRO FORMA PER SHARE DATA

Presented below are Cadence’s historical per share data for the year ended December 31, 2017, as derived from audited financial statements of
Cadence, and the three months ended March 31, 2018, derived from the unaudited financial statements of Cadence. Also presented below are State
Bank’s historical per share data for the year ended December 31, 2017, as derived from audited financial statements of State Bank, and the three
months ended March 31, 2018, derived from the unaudited financial statements of State Bank. The pro forma combined per share data for the year
ended December 31, 2017 and three months ended March 31, 2018 and the per equivalent State Bank share information provided in the table below
is unaudited. The unaudited pro forma data and equivalent per share information give effect to the merger as if the merger had been effective on the
dates presented, in the case of the book value data, and as if the merger had become effective on January 1, 2017, in the case of the earnings per
share and dividends declared data. This information should be read together with the historical consolidated financial statements and related notes
of Cadence and State Bank filed by each with the SEC, and incorporated by reference in this document, and with the unaudited pro forma
condensed combined financial statements included under “Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Statements.”

The unaudited pro forma financial information is presented for illustrative purposes only and does not necessarily indicate the financial results of
the combined companies had the companies actually been combined at the beginning of the period presented. The unaudited pro forma financial
information also does not consider any potential impacts of current market conditions on revenues, potential revenue enhancements, anticipated
cost savings and expense efficiencies, or asset dispositions, among other factors.
 

   
Cadence

Historical   

State
Bank

Historical   
Pro Forma
Combined    

Per
Equivalent

State
Bank

Share (3)  
For the three months ended March 31, 2018:         

Earnings per common share (Basic) (1)   $ 0.46   $ 0.45   $ 0.42   $ 0.49 
Earnings per common share (Diluted) (1)    0.46    0.44    0.42    0.49 
Dividends declared per share (2)    0.125      0.125   
Book value per common share    16.23      20.98    24.34 

For the year ended December 31, 2017:         
Earnings per common share (Basic) (1)   $ 1.26   $ 1.20   $ 1.10   $ 1.28 
Earnings per common share (Diluted) (1)    1.25    1.19    1.10    1.28 
Dividends declared per share (2)    —        —     
Book value per common share    16.25       

 
(1) Reflects pro forma adjustments to the weighted-average shares of Cadence’s Class A common stock outstanding to eliminate weighted-

average shares of State Bank common stock outstanding and record shares of Cadence Class A common stock issued in the merger,
calculated using the exchange ratio of 1.160 shares of Cadence’s Class A common stock per each share of State Bank common stock. See the
section entitled “Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Statements.”

(2) Pro forma combined cash dividends declared are based upon Cadence’s historical amounts.
(3) Pro forma per equivalent State Bank share information is calculated based on pro forma combined multiplied by the 1.160 exchange ratio.

 
25



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 34/178

Table of Contents

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

Some of the statements contained or incorporated by reference in this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus are forward
looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 giving Cadence’s or State Bank’s expectations or
predictions of future financial or business performance or conditions. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by words such as
“believe,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “target,” “estimate,” “continue,” “positions,” “projections,” “prospects” or “potential,” by future
conditional verbs such as “will,” “would,” “should,” “could” or “may,” or by variations of such words or by similar expressions. Such forward-
looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements about the benefits of the merger or the bank merger, including future financial and
operating results of Cadence, State Bank or the combined company following the merger, the combined company’s plans, objectives, expectations
and intentions, the expected timing of the completion of the merger, financing plans and the availability of capital, the likelihood of success and
impact of litigation and other statements that are not historical facts. These statements are only predictions based on Cadence’s and State Bank’s
current expectations and projections about future events. There are important factors that could cause Cadence’s and State Bank’s actual results,
level of activity, performance or achievements to differ materially from the results, level of activity, performance or achievements expressed or
implied by the forward-looking statements. In particular, you should consider the numerous risks and uncertainties described in the section entitled
“Risk Factors” beginning on page 28.

These forward-looking statements are subject to numerous assumptions, risks, and uncertainties which change over time. In addition to factors
previously disclosed in Cadence’s and State Bank’s reports filed with the SEC, the following factors, among others, could cause actual results to
differ materially from forward-looking statements:
 

 •  the inability to close the merger and the bank merger in a timely manner;
 

 •  the failure to complete the merger due to the failure of State Bank shareholders to approve the merger proposal;
 

 •  failure to obtain applicable regulatory approvals and meet other closing conditions to the merger on the expected terms and schedule;
 

 
•  the potential impact of announcement or consummation of the merger on relationships with third parties, including customers,

employees, and competitors;
 

 •  business disruption following the merger;
 

 •  difficulties and delays in integrating the businesses of Cadence and State Bank or fully realizing cost savings and other benefits;
 

 •  Cadence’s potential exposure to unknown or contingent liabilities of State Bank;
 

 •  the challenges of integrating, retaining, and hiring key personnel;
 

 •  failure to attract new customers and retain existing customers in the manner anticipated;
 

 
•  the outcome of pending or threatened litigation, or of matters before regulatory agencies, whether currently existing or commencing in

the future, including litigation related to the merger;
 

 
•  any interruption or breach of security resulting in failures or disruptions in customer account management, general ledger, deposit, loan,

or other systems;
 

 •  changes in Cadence’s stock price before closing, including as a result of the financial performance of State Bank prior to closing;

 
26



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 35/178

Table of Contents

 
•  operational issues stemming from, and/or capital spending necessitated by, the potential need to adapt to industry changes in

information technology systems, on which Cadence and State Bank are highly dependent;
 

 

•  changes in legislation, regulation, policies, or administrative practices, whether by judicial, governmental, or legislative action,
including, but not limited to, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, which we refer to as the Dodd-Frank
Act, and other changes pertaining to banking, securities, taxation, rent regulation and housing, financial accounting and reporting,
environmental protection, and insurance, and the ability to comply with such changes in a timely manner;

 

 
•  changes in the monetary and fiscal policies of the U.S. Government, including policies of the U.S. Department of the Treasury and the

Federal Reserve Board;
 

 
•  changes in interest rates, which may affect Cadence’s and State Bank’s net income, prepayment penalty income, mortgage banking

income, and other future cash flows, or the market value of Cadence’s or State Bank’s assets, including its investment securities;
 

 •  changes in accounting principles, policies, practices, or guidelines;
 

 •  changes in Cadence’s credit ratings or in Cadence’s ability to access the capital markets;
 

 •  natural disasters, war, or terrorist activities; and
 

 
•  other economic, competitive, governmental, regulatory, technological, and geopolitical factors affecting Cadence’s or State Bank’s

operations, pricing, and services.

Additionally, the timing and occurrence or non-occurrence of events may be subject to circumstances beyond Cadence’s or State Bank’s control.

For any forward-looking statements made in this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus or in any documents incorporated by
reference into this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus, Cadence and State Bank claim the protection of the safe harbor for
forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on
these statements, which speak only as of the date of this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus or the date of the applicable
document incorporated by reference in this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus. Except to the extent required by applicable
law, Cadence and State Bank do not undertake to update forward-looking statements to reflect facts, circumstances, assumptions, or events that
occur after the date the forward-looking statements are made. All written and oral forward-looking statements concerning the merger or other
matters addressed in this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus and attributable to Cadence, State Bank, or any person acting
on their behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this joint information
statement/proxy statement and prospectus.

 
27



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 36/178

Table of Contents

RISK FACTORS

In addition to general investment risks and the other information contained in or incorporated by reference into this joint information statement/proxy
statement and prospectus, including the matters addressed under the section “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements,”
Cadence’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 and State Bank’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2017, you should carefully consider the following risk factors in deciding how to vote for the proposals presented in this joint information
statement/proxy statement and prospectus. You should also consider the other information in this joint information statement/proxy statement and
prospectus and the other documents incorporated by reference into this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus. Please see “Where
You Can Find More Information.”

Risks Related to the Merger and Cadence’s Business Upon Completion of the Merger

Because the market price of Cadence Class A common stock will fluctuate, State Bank shareholders cannot be certain of the market value of the
merger consideration they will receive.

Upon completion of the merger, each outstanding share of State Bank common stock (except for treasury stock or shares owned by State Bank or
Cadence (in each case other than in a fiduciary or agency capacity or as a result of debts previously contracted)) will be converted into 1.160 shares of
Cadence Class A common stock. The market value of the merger consideration will vary from the closing price of Cadence Class A common stock on
the date Cadence and State Bank announced the merger, on the date that this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus is mailed to
Cadence stockholders and State Bank shareholders, on the date of the State Bank special meeting, and on the date the merger is completed. Any change
in the market price of Cadence Class A common stock prior to the completion of the merger will affect the market value of the merger consideration that
State Bank shareholders will receive upon completion of the merger, and there will be no adjustment to the merger consideration for changes in the
market price of either shares of Cadence Class A common stock or shares of State Bank common stock, provided that State Bank may terminate the
merger agreement in certain circumstances relating to a decline in the price of Cadence Class A common stock relative to such price as of the date of the
merger agreement or to a bank stock index. See “The Merger—Termination of the Merger Agreement.”

The market price of the Cadence Class A common stock could be subject to significant fluctuations due to changes in sentiment in the market regarding
Cadence’s operations or business prospects, including market sentiment regarding Cadence’s entry into the merger agreement. These risks may be
affected by:
 

 •  operating results that vary from the expectations of Cadence’s management or of securities analysts and investors;
 

 •  developments in Cadence’s business or in the financial services sector generally;
 

 •  regulatory or legislative changes affecting Cadence’s industry generally or its business and operations;
 

 •  operating and securities price performance of companies that investors consider to be comparable to Cadence;
 

 •  changes in estimates or recommendations by securities analysts or rating agencies;
 

 
•  announcements of strategic developments, acquisitions, dispositions, financings, and other material events by Cadence or its competitors;

and
 

 
•  changes in global financial markets and economies and general market conditions, such as interest or foreign exchange rates, stock,

commodity, credit or asset valuations or volatility.

Therefore, at the time of the State Bank special meeting, you will not know the precise market value of the consideration you will receive at the effective
time. You should obtain current market quotations for shares of Cadence Class A common stock and for shares of State Bank common stock.
 

28



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 37/178

Table of Contents

The market price of Cadence Class A common stock after the merger may be affected by factors different from those affecting the shares of Cadence
Class A common stock or State Bank common stock currently.

Upon completion of the merger, holders of State Bank common stock will become holders of Cadence Class A common stock. Cadence’s business
differs in important respects from that of State Bank, and, accordingly, the results of operations of the combined company and the market price of
Cadence Class A common stock after the completion of the merger may be affected by factors different from those currently affecting the independent
results of operations of each of Cadence and State Bank. For a discussion of the businesses of Cadence and State Bank and of some important factors to
consider in connection with those businesses, see the documents incorporated by reference in this joint information statement/proxy statement and
prospectus and referred to under “Where You Can Find More Information.”

Regulatory approvals may not be received, may take longer than expected, or may impose conditions that are not presently anticipated or that could
have an adverse effect on the combined company following the merger.

Before the merger and the bank merger may be completed, Cadence and State Bank must obtain all necessary approvals or waivers from the Federal
Reserve Board, the OCC and the Georgia DBF. Other approvals, waivers or consents from regulators may also be required. In determining whether to
grant these approvals the regulators consider a variety of factors, including the regulatory standing of each party and the factors described under “The
Merger—Regulatory Approvals Required for the Merger.” An adverse development in either party’s regulatory standing or these factors could result in
an inability to obtain approval or delay their receipt. These regulators may impose conditions on the completion of the merger or the bank merger or
require changes to the terms of the merger or the bank merger. Such conditions or changes could have the effect of delaying or preventing completion of
the merger or the bank merger or imposing additional costs on or limiting the revenues of the combined company following the merger and the bank
merger, any of which might have an adverse effect on the combined company following the merger. See “The Merger—Regulatory Approvals Required
for the Merger.”

The Federal Reserve Board has stated that if material weaknesses are identified by examiners before a banking organization applies to engage in
expansionary activity, the Federal Reserve Board will not in the future allow the application to remain pending while the banking organization addresses
its weaknesses. The Federal Reserve Board explained that, in the future, if issues arise during the processing of an application, it will require the
applicant banking organization to withdraw its application pending resolution of any supervisory concerns. Accordingly, if there is an adverse
development in either party’s regulatory standing, Cadence may be required to withdraw some or all of the applications for approval of the proposed
mergers and, if possible, resubmit it after the applicable supervisory concerns have been resolved. See “The Merger—Regulatory Approvals Required
for the Merger.”

The success of the merger and integration of Cadence and State Bank will depend on a number of uncertain factors.

The success of the merger will depend on a number of factors, including, without limitation:
 

 
•  Cadence’s ability to integrate the branches acquired from State Bank in the merger, which we refer to as the acquired branches, into

Cadence’s current operations;
 

 
•  Cadence’s ability to limit the outflow of deposits held by its new customers in the acquired branches and to successfully retain and manage

interest-earning assets (i.e., loans) acquired in the merger;
 

 
•  Cadence’s ability to control the incremental non-interest expense from the acquired branches in a manner that enables it to maintain a

favorable overall efficiency ratio;
 

 •  Cadence’s ability to retain and attract the appropriate personnel to staff the acquired branches; and
 

 •  Cadence’s ability to earn acceptable levels of interest and non-interest income, including fee income, from the acquired branches.
 

29



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 38/178

Table of Contents

Integrating the acquired branches will be an operation of substantial size and expense, and may be affected by general market and economic conditions
or government actions affecting the financial industry generally. Integration efforts will also likely divert Cadence’s management’s attention and
resources. No assurance can be given that Cadence will be able to integrate the acquired branches successfully, and the integration process could result
in the loss of key employees, the disruption of ongoing business, or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies that adversely affect
Cadence’s ability to maintain relationships with clients, customers, depositors and employees or to achieve the anticipated benefits of the merger.
Cadence may also encounter unexpected difficulties or costs during the integration that could adversely affect its earnings and financial condition,
perhaps materially. Additionally, no assurance can be given that the operation of the acquired branches will not adversely affect Cadence’s existing
profitability, that Cadence will be able to achieve results in the future similar to those achieved by its existing banking business, or that Cadence will be
able to manage any growth resulting from the merger effectively.

Combining Cadence and State Bank may be more difficult, costly or time consuming than expected and the anticipated benefits and cost savings of
the merger may not be realized.

Cadence and State Bank have operated and, until the completion of the merger, will continue to operate, independently. The success of the merger,
including anticipated benefits and cost savings, will depend, in part, on Cadence’s ability to successfully combine and integrate the businesses of
Cadence and State Bank in a manner that permits growth opportunities and does not materially disrupt the existing customer relations nor result in
decreased revenues due to loss of customers. It is possible that the integration process could result in the loss of key employees, the disruption of either
company’s ongoing businesses or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies that adversely affect the combined company’s ability to
maintain relationships with clients, customers, depositors and employees or to achieve the anticipated benefits and cost savings of the merger. The loss
of key employees could adversely affect Cadence’s ability to successfully conduct its business, which could have an adverse effect on Cadence’s
financial results and the value of its Class A common stock. If Cadence experiences difficulties with the integration process, the anticipated benefits of
the merger may not be realized fully or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected. As with any merger of financial institutions, there also may be
business disruptions that cause Cadence and/or State Bank to lose customers or cause customers to remove their accounts from Cadence and/or State
Bank and move their business to competing financial institutions. Integration efforts between the two companies will also divert management attention
and resources. These integration matters could have an adverse effect on each of Cadence and State Bank during this transition period and for an
undetermined period after completion of the merger on the combined company. In addition, the actual cost savings of the merger could be less than
anticipated.

The combined company may be unable to retain Cadence and/or State Bank personnel successfully after the merger is completed.

The success of the merger will depend in part on the combined company’s ability to retain the talents and dedication of key employees currently
employed by Cadence and State Bank. It is possible that these employees may decide not to remain with Cadence or State Bank, as applicable, while the
merger is pending or with the combined company after the merger is consummated. If key employees terminate their employment, or if an insufficient
number of employees is retained to maintain effective operations, the combined company’s business activities may be adversely affected and
management’s attention may be diverted from successfully integrating State Bank to hiring suitable replacements, all of which may cause the combined
company’s business to suffer. In addition, Cadence and State Bank may not be able to locate suitable replacements for any key employees who leave
either company, or to offer employment to potential replacements on reasonable terms.

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements included in this document are preliminary and the actual financial condition
and results of operations of Cadence after the merger may differ materially.

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements in this document are presented for illustrative purposes only and are not necessarily
indicative of what Cadence’s actual financial condition or results of
 

30



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 39/178

Table of Contents

operations would have been had the merger been completed on the dates indicated. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements
reflect adjustments, which are based upon preliminary estimates, to record the State Bank identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed at fair
value and the resulting goodwill recognized. The purchase price allocation reflected in this document is preliminary, and final allocation of the purchase
price will be based upon the actual purchase price and the fair value of the assets and liabilities of State Bank as of the date of the completion of the
merger. Accordingly, the final acquisition accounting adjustments may differ materially from the pro forma adjustments reflected in this document. For
more information, please see “Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Statements” beginning on page 135.

State Bank’s directors and executive officers have interests in the merger that may differ from the interests of State Bank shareholders.

State Bank shareholders should be aware that some of State Bank’s directors and executive officers have interests in the merger that are different from,
or in addition to, those of State Bank shareholders generally. The State Bank board of directors was aware of these interests and considered these
interests, among other matters, when making its decision to approve the merger agreement, and in recommending that State Bank shareholders vote in
favor of approving the merger agreement (to the extent such interests existed at that time).

For a more complete description of these interests, please see “The Merger—Interests of State Bank’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger.”

Termination of the merger agreement could negatively impact Cadence or State Bank.

If the merger agreement is terminated, there may be various consequences. For example, Cadence’s or State Bank’s businesses may have been impacted
adversely by the failure to pursue other beneficial opportunities due to the focus of management on the merger, without realizing any of the anticipated
benefits of completing the merger. Additionally, if the merger agreement is terminated, the market price of the Cadence Class A common stock or the
State Bank common stock could decline to the extent that the current market prices reflect a market assumption that the merger will be completed. If the
merger agreement is terminated under certain circumstances, State Bank may be required to pay to Cadence a termination fee of $37.5 million, and
under certain circumstances, Cadence may be required to pay State Bank an expense reimbursement of $2 million.

Cadence and State Bank will be subject to business uncertainties and contractual restrictions while the merger is pending.

Uncertainty about the effect of the merger on employees and customers may have an adverse effect on Cadence or State Bank. These uncertainties may
impair Cadence’s or State Bank’s ability to attract, retain, and motivate key personnel until the merger is completed, and could cause customers and
others that deal with Cadence or State Bank to seek to change existing business relationships with Cadence or State Bank. Retention of certain
employees by Cadence or State Bank may be challenging while the merger is pending, as certain employees may experience uncertainty about their
future roles with the combined company. If key employees depart because of issues relating to the uncertainty and difficulty of integration, or a desire
not to remain with Cadence or State Bank, Cadence’s business or State Bank’s business could be harmed. In addition, subject to certain exceptions,
Cadence and State Bank have each agreed to operate its business in the ordinary course and use commercially reasonable efforts to preserve its business
organization, employees and advantageous business relationships prior to closing. See “The Merger Agreement—Covenants and Agreements” for a
description of the restrictive covenants applicable to Cadence and State Bank.

If the merger is not completed, Cadence and State Bank will have incurred substantial expenses without realizing the expected benefits of the
merger.

Each of Cadence and State Bank has incurred and will incur substantial expenses in connection with the negotiation and completion of the transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement, regulatory filings required by the merger agreement, as well as the costs and expenses of filing, printing, and
mailing this joint information
 

31



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 40/178

Table of Contents

statement/proxy statement and prospectus, and all filing and other fees paid to the SEC in connection with the merger. If the merger is not completed,
Cadence and State Bank would have to recognize these expenses without realizing the expected benefits of the merger.

The merger agreement limits State Bank’s ability to pursue acquisition proposals and requires State Bank to pay a termination fee of $37.5 million
under limited circumstances, including circumstances relating to acquisition proposals.

The merger agreement prohibits State Bank from initiating, soliciting, knowingly encouraging, or knowingly facilitating certain third-party acquisition
proposals. See “The Merger Agreement—Agreement Not to Solicit Other Offers.” The merger agreement also provides that State Bank will be required
to pay a termination fee in the amount of $37.5 million in the event that the merger agreement is terminated under certain circumstances, including an
adverse recommendation change by the State Bank board of directors. See “The Merger Agreement—Termination Fee.” These provisions might
discourage a potential competing acquirer that might have an interest in acquiring all or a significant part of State Bank from considering or proposing
such an acquisition.

The shares of Cadence Class A common stock to be received by State Bank shareholders as a result of the merger will have different rights from the
shares of State Bank common stock.

Upon completion of the merger, State Bank shareholders will become Cadence stockholders and their rights as stockholders will be governed by the
Delaware General Corporation Law, as amended, which we refer to as the DGCL, and the Cadence charter and bylaws. The rights associated with State
Bank common stock are different from the rights associated with Cadence Class A common stock. Please see “Comparison of Stockholders’ and
Shareholders’ Rights” beginning on page 147 for a discussion of the different rights associated with Cadence Class A common stock.

Cadence stockholders and State Bank shareholders will have a reduced ownership and voting interest in the combined company after the merger
and will exercise less influence over management, as compared to their ownership and voting interests in Cadence and State Bank, respectively.

Cadence stockholders and State Bank shareholders currently have the right to vote in the election of the board of directors and on other matters affecting
Cadence and State Bank, respectively. Upon completion of the merger, each State Bank shareholder who receives shares of Cadence Class A common
stock will become a Cadence stockholder, with a percentage ownership of Cadence that is smaller than such shareholder’s percentage ownership of State
Bank. Based on the number of shares outstanding on May 11, 2018 and the shares of Cadence Class A common stock expected to be issued in the
merger, the State Bank shareholders as a group will receive shares in the merger constituting approximately 35% of the outstanding shares of Cadence
Class A common stock immediately after the merger. As a result, current Cadence stockholders as a group will own approximately 65% of the
outstanding shares of Cadence Class A common stock immediately after the merger. Because of this, State Bank shareholders may have less influence
on the management and policies of Cadence than they now have on the management and policies of State Bank, and current Cadence stockholders may
have less influence than they now have on the management and policies of Cadence.

The fairness opinion received by the Cadence board of directors from Goldman Sachs, the fairness opinions received by the State Bank board of
directors from Raymond James and Sandler O’Neill, respectively, and the fairness opinion received by the State Bank Independent Directors
Committee by FIG Partners have not been, and are not expected to be, updated to reflect any changes in circumstances that may have occurred
since the date of such opinions.

The fairness opinion of Goldman Sachs was rendered to the Cadence board of directors on May 11, 2018, the fairness opinions of Raymond James and
Sandler O’Neill were rendered to the State Bank board of directors on May 11, 2018, and the fairness opinion of FIG Partners was rendered to the State
Bank Independent Directors Committee on May 11, 2018. Changes in the operations and prospects of Cadence or State Bank, general market
 

32



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 41/178

Table of Contents

and economic conditions and other factors which may be beyond the control of Cadence and State Bank may have altered the value of Cadence or State
Bank or the market prices of shares of Cadence Class A common stock and State Bank common stock as of the date of this joint information
statement/proxy statement and prospectus, or may alter such values and market prices by the time the merger is completed. The respective opinions from
Goldman Sachs, Raymond James, Sandler O’Neill and FIG Partners, each dated May 11, 2018, do not speak as of any date other than the respective
dates of such opinions.

State Bank shareholders will not have appraisal rights in the merger.

Appraisal rights are statutory rights that, if applicable under law, enable shareholders to dissent from an extraordinary transaction, such as a merger, and
to demand that the corporation pay the fair value for their shares as determined by a court in a judicial proceeding instead of receiving the consideration
offered to shareholders in connection with the extraordinary transaction. Under the GBCC, a shareholder may not dissent from a merger as to shares that
are listed on a national securities exchange or held of record by more than 2,000 shareholders at the record date fixed to determine the shareholders
entitled to receive notice of the meeting of shareholders to vote upon the agreement of merger or consolidation, and such shareholders and accept as
consideration for their shares the shares of the surviving corporation or another publicly held corporation which at the effective date of the merger is
either listed on a national securities exchange or held by more than 2,000 shareholders, except for cash paid in lieu of fractional shares.

Because (i) State Bank common stock is listed on NASDAQ, a national securities exchange, and is expected to continue to be so listed on the record
date, (ii) the merger otherwise satisfies the foregoing requirements of the GBCC, and (iii) State Bank shareholders will receive shares of Cadence
Class A common stock as merger consideration, which are currently listed on the NYSE, and is expected to continue to be so listed at the effective date
of the merger, the State Bank shareholders will not be entitled to any appraisal rights or dissenters’ rights in connection with the merger.

Risks Relating to Cadence’s Business

You should read and consider risk factors specific to Cadence’s business that will also affect the combined company after the merger. These risks are
described in the sections entitled “Risk Factors” in Cadence’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017 and in other
documents incorporated by reference into this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus. Please see the section entitled “Where You
Can Find More Information” beginning on page 159 of this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus for the location of information
incorporated by reference into this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus.

Risks Relating to State Bank’s Business

You should read and consider risk factors specific to State Bank’s business that will also affect the combined company after the merger. These risks are
described in the sections entitled “Risk Factors” in State Bank’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017 and in other
documents incorporated by reference into this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus. Please see the section entitled “Where You
Can Find More Information” beginning on page 159 of this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus for the location of information
incorporated by reference into this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus.
 

33



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 42/178

Table of Contents

THE STATE BANK SPECIAL MEETING

Date, Time, and Place of Meeting

The State Bank special meeting will be held on September 18, 2018 at State Bank’s headquarters located at 3399 Peachtree Road, NE, Suite 1900,
Atlanta, Georgia 30326 at 1:00 p.m., Eastern Time.

Matters to Be Considered

At the State Bank special meeting, State Bank shareholders will be asked to consider and vote upon the following matters:
 

 
•  a proposal to approve the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of May 11, 2018, as it may be amended from time to time, by and

between State Bank and Cadence, pursuant to which State Bank will merge with and into Cadence, with Cadence continuing as the
surviving corporation, which we refer to as the merger proposal;

 

 
•  a proposal to approve, on an advisory (non-binding) basis, the compensation that may be paid or become payable to the named executive

officers of State Bank that is based on or otherwise relates to the merger, which we refer to as the compensation proposal; and
 

 
•  a proposal to approve one or more adjournments of the State Bank special meeting, if necessary or appropriate, including adjournments to

permit further solicitation of proxies in favor of the merger proposal, which we refer to as the adjournment proposal.

Recommendation of the State Bank Board of Directors

The State Bank board of directors has determined that the merger is advisable and in the best interests of State Bank and its shareholders and has
unanimously adopted the merger agreement. The State Bank board of directors unanimously recommends that State Bank shareholders vote “FOR” the
merger proposal, “FOR” the compensation proposal, and “FOR” the adjournment proposal. See “The Merger—Recommendation of the State Bank
Board of Directors; State Bank’s Reasons for the Merger” for a more detailed discussion of the State Bank board of directors’ recommendation.

State Bank Record Date and Quorum

The State Bank board of directors has fixed the close of business on July 19, 2018 as the record date for determining the holders of State Bank common
stock entitled to receive notice of and to vote at the State Bank special meeting.

As of the State Bank record date, there were 39,124,102 shares of State Bank common stock outstanding and entitled to vote at the State Bank special
meeting held by approximately 486 holders of record. Each share of State Bank common stock entitles the holder to one vote at the State Bank special
meeting on each proposal to be considered at the State Bank special meeting.

The presence at the State Bank special meeting, in person or by proxy, of holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of State Bank common stock
entitled to vote at the special meeting will constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. All shares of State Bank common stock present in person
or represented by proxy, including abstentions, will be treated as present for purposes of determining the presence or absence of a quorum for all matters
voted on at the State Bank special meeting.

Votes Required; Treatment of Abstentions and Failure to Vote

Merger proposal:
 

 
•  Standard: Approval of the merger proposal requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of State Bank

common stock entitled to vote on the proposal.
 

34



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 43/178

Table of Contents

 
•  Effect of abstentions and broker non-votes: If you fail to vote, mark “ABSTAIN” on your proxy card, or fail to instruct your bank or broker

with respect to the merger proposal, it will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the proposal.

Compensation proposal:
 

 
•  Standard: Approval of the compensation proposal requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the votes cast at the State

Bank special meeting.
 

 
•  Effect of abstentions and broker non-votes: If you mark “ABSTAIN” on your proxy card, fail to submit a proxy card or vote in person at the

State Bank special meeting, or fail to instruct your bank or broker how to vote with respect to the compensation proposal, you will be
deemed not to have cast a vote with respect to the proposal and it will have no effect on the proposal.

Adjournment proposal:
 

 
•  Standard: Approval of the adjournment proposal requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the votes cast at the State Bank

special meeting.
 

 
•  Effect of abstentions and broker non-votes: If you mark “ABSTAIN” on your proxy card, fail to submit a proxy card or vote in person at the

State Bank special meeting, or fail to instruct your bank or broker how to vote with respect to the adjournment proposal, you will be deemed
not to have cast a vote with respect to the proposal and it will have no effect on the proposal.

Shares Held by Officers and Directors

As of the State Bank record date, the directors and executive officers of State Bank and their affiliates beneficially owned and were entitled to vote
approximately 1,793,920 shares of State Bank common stock representing approximately 4.59% of the shares of State Bank common stock outstanding
on that date. As of the State Bank record date, Cadence, the directors and officers of Cadence and their affiliates beneficially owned no shares of State
Bank common stock outstanding on that date.

Voting of Proxies; Incomplete Proxies

Each copy of this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus mailed to State Bank shareholders is accompanied by a form of proxy card
with instructions for voting. If you hold shares in your name as a shareholder of record, you should complete and return the proxy card accompanying
this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus, regardless of whether you plan to attend the State Bank special meeting.

If you hold your stock in “street name” through a bank or broker, you must direct your bank or broker how to vote in accordance with the instructions
you have received from your bank or broker.

All shares represented by valid proxies that State Bank receives through this solicitation, and that are not revoked, will be voted in accordance with your
instructions on the proxy card. If you make no specification on your proxy card as to how you want your shares voted before signing and returning it,
your proxy will be voted “FOR” the merger proposal, “FOR” the compensation proposal, and “FOR” the adjournment proposal. No matters other than
the matters described in this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus are anticipated to be presented for action at the special meeting
or at any adjournment or postponement of the State Bank special meeting. However, if other business properly comes before the State Bank special
meeting, the proxy agents will, in their discretion, vote upon such matters in their best judgment.
 

35



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 44/178

Table of Contents

Shares Held in “Street Name”; Broker Non-Votes

Under stock exchange rules, banks, brokers, and other nominees who hold shares of State Bank common stock in “street name” for a beneficial owner of
those shares typically have the authority to vote in their discretion on “routine” proposals when they have not received instructions from beneficial
owners. However, banks, brokers, and other nominees are not allowed to exercise their voting discretion with respect to the approval of matters
determined to be “non-routine,” without specific instructions from the beneficial owner. Broker non-votes are shares held by a broker, bank, or other
nominee that are represented at the State Bank special meeting, but with respect to which the broker or nominee is not instructed by the beneficial owner
of such shares to vote on the particular proposal and the broker does not have discretionary voting power on such proposal. If your broker, bank, or other
nominee holds your shares of State Bank common stock in “street name,” your broker, bank, or other nominee will vote your shares of State Bank
common stock only if you provide instructions on how to vote by filling out the voter instruction form sent to you by your broker, bank, or other
nominee with this joint information statement/proxy statement.

Revocability of Proxies and Changes to a State Bank Shareholder’s Vote

If you hold your shares of State Bank common stock in your name as a shareholder of record, you may revoke any proxy at any time before it is voted
by (1) signing and returning a proxy card with a later date, (2) delivering a written revocation letter to State Bank’s corporate secretary, or (3) attending
the special meeting in person, notifying State Bank’s corporate secretary, and voting by ballot at the special meeting.

Any shareholder entitled to vote in person at the State Bank special meeting may vote in person regardless of whether a proxy has been previously
given, but the mere presence (without notifying State Bank’s corporate secretary) of a shareholder at the State Bank special meeting will not constitute
revocation of a previously given proxy.

Written notices of revocation and other communications about revoking your proxy card should be addressed to:

State Bank Financial Corporation
3399 Peachtree Road NE, Suite 1900

Atlanta, Georgia 30326
Attention: Corporate Secretary

If your shares of State Bank common stock are held in “street name” by a bank or broker, you should follow the instructions of your bank or broker
regarding the revocation of proxies.

Solicitation of Proxies

State Bank is soliciting your proxy in conjunction with the merger. State Bank will bear the cost of soliciting proxies from you. In addition to solicitation
of proxies by mail, State Bank will request that banks, brokers, and other record holders send proxies and proxy material to the beneficial owners of
State Bank common stock and secure their voting instructions. State Bank has also made arrangements with D.F. King & Co., Inc. to assist it in
soliciting proxies and has agreed to pay D.F. King & Co., Inc. approximately $10,000 plus reasonable expenses for these services.

Attending the State Bank Special Meeting

All holders of State Bank common stock, including holders of record and shareholders who hold their shares through banks, brokers, nominees, or any
other holder of record, are invited to attend the State Bank special meeting. Shareholders of record can vote in person at the special meeting. If you are
not a shareholder of record, you must obtain a proxy executed in your favor from the record holder of your shares, such as a broker, bank, or
 

36



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 45/178

Table of Contents

other nominee, to be able to vote in person at the special meeting. If you plan to attend the State Bank special meeting, you must hold your shares in
your own name or have a letter from the record holder of your shares confirming your ownership. In addition, you must bring a form of personal photo
identification with you in order to be admitted. State Bank reserves the right to refuse admittance to anyone without proper proof of share ownership and
without proper photo identification. The use of cameras, sound recording equipment, communications devices, or any similar equipment during the State
Bank special meeting is prohibited without State Bank’s express written consent.

Assistance

If you have any questions concerning the merger or this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus, would like additional copies of this
joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus, or need help voting your shares of State Bank common stock, please direct your inquiry to
Corporate Secretary, State Bank Financial Corporation, 3399 Peachtree Road NE, Suite 1900, Atlanta, Georgia 30326, (404) 475-6599, or State Bank’s
proxy solicitor, D.F. King & Co., Inc., at (212) 269-5550, or toll-free at (800) 622-1569.
 

37



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 46/178

Table of Contents

STATE BANK PROPOSALS

Proposal No. 1 – Merger Proposal

At the State Bank special meeting, the State Bank shareholders will be asked to approve the merger agreement. Holders of State Bank common stock
should read this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus carefully and in its entirety, including the annexes, for more detailed
information concerning the merger agreement and the merger. A copy of the merger agreement is attached to this joint information/proxy statement and
prospectus as Annex A.

After careful consideration, the State Bank board of directors unanimously adopted the merger agreement, authorized and approved the merger and the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement and determined the merger agreement and the merger to be advisable and in the best interests of
State Bank and its shareholders. Please see “The Merger—State Bank’s Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of the State Bank Board of Directors”
included elsewhere in this joint information/proxy statement and prospectus for a more detailed discussion of the State Bank board of directors’
recommendation.

The State Bank board of directors unanimously recommends that State Bank shareholders vote “FOR” the proposal to approve the merger
agreement.

Proposal No. 2 – Compensation Proposal

Section 14A of the Exchange Act and Rule 14a-21(c) under the Exchange Act require that State Bank seek a nonbinding advisory vote from its
shareholders to approve the “golden parachute” compensation that its named executive officers will receive in connection with the merger discussed in
“The Merger—Interests of State Bank’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger” and “—Merger-Related Compensation for State Bank’s Named
Executive Officers” beginning on page 103. As required by these provisions, State Bank is asking the State Bank shareholders to vote on the adoption of
the following resolution:

“RESOLVED, that the compensation that may be paid or become payable to State Bank’s named executive officers in connection with the merger,
and the agreements or understandings pursuant to which such compensation may be paid or become payable, in each case as disclosed pursuant to
Item 402(t) of Regulation S-K in “The Merger—Interests of State Bank’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger—Merger-Related
Compensation for State Bank’s Named Executive Officers,” are hereby APPROVED.”

The vote with respect to this proposal is an advisory vote and will not be binding on State Bank, Cadence, or the combined company. Therefore,
regardless of whether State Bank shareholders approve this proposal, if the merger agreement is approved by the shareholders and completed, the
“golden parachute” compensation will still be paid to such named executive officers to the extent payable in accordance with the terms of such
compensation agreements and arrangements. Approval of this proposal is not a condition to the closing of the merger.

The State Bank board of directors unanimously recommends that State Bank shareholders vote “FOR” approval of the compensation proposal.

Proposal No. 3 – Adjournment Proposal

The State Bank special meeting may be adjourned to another time or place, if necessary or appropriate, to permit, among other things, further
solicitation of proxies if necessary to obtain additional votes in favor of the merger proposal.

If, at the State Bank special meeting, the number of shares of State Bank common stock present or represented and voting in favor of the merger
proposal is insufficient to approve such proposal, State Bank intends to move to
 

38



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 47/178

Table of Contents

adjourn the State Bank special meeting in order to solicit additional proxies for the adoption of the merger agreement. In accordance with the State Bank
bylaws, a vote to approve the proposal to adjourn the State Bank special meeting, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies if there are
insufficient votes at the time of the State Bank special meeting to approve the merger proposal may be taken in the absence of a quorum.

The State Bank board of directors unanimously recommends that State Bank shareholders vote “FOR” the adjournment proposal.
 

39



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 48/178

Table of Contents

INFORMATION ABOUT CADENCE BANCORPORATION

Cadence Bancorporation is a bank holding company and a Delaware corporation headquartered in Houston, Texas, and is the parent company of
Cadence Bank, N.A. Formed in 2009 by banking industry veterans, Cadence secured $1.0 billion of capital commitments in 2010 and built its franchise
on the heels of three successful acquisitions: Cadence Bank, N.A. in March 2011, the franchise of Superior Bank in April 2011 and Encore Bank, N.A.
in July 2012. Today, Cadence is a growth-oriented, middle-market focused commercial relationship bank providing a broad range of banking and wealth
management services to businesses, high net worth individuals, business owners and retail customers through a network of 65 branches, with branches
in Alabama (25), Florida (14), Texas (11), Mississippi (11) and Tennessee (4). Cadence completed its initial public offering and listing on the NYSE in
April 2017. As of March 31, 2018, Cadence had $11.0 billion of assets, $8.6 billion of net loans, $9.0 billion in deposits and $1.4 billion in shareholders’
equity. Cadence generated $38.8 million of net income for the quarter ended March 31, 2018 and $102.4 million and $65.8 million for the years ended
December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.

Cadence is focused on organic growth and expanding its position in its markets. Through its experienced and motivated team of commercial relationship
managers and Cadence’s integrated, client-centric approach to banking, it has successfully grown each of its businesses. Cadence believes its franchise
is positioned for continued growth as a result of (i) its attractive geographic footprint, (ii) its focus and ability to provide differentiated, customized
service to a wide variety of industries and clients, (iii) its stable and cost efficient deposit funding base, (iv) its veteran board of directors, management
team and relationship managers, (v) its capital position and (vi) its credit quality and risk management processes.

Cadence’s principal office is located at 2800 Post Oak Boulevard, Suite 3800, Houston, Texas 77056, and its telephone number at that location is
(713) 871-4000. The Cadence Class A common stock is traded on the NYSE under the symbol “CADE.” Additional information about Cadence and its
subsidiaries is included in documents incorporated by reference in information statement/proxy statement and prospectus. Please see “Where You Can
Find More Information.”

INFORMATION ABOUT STATE BANK FINANCIAL CORPORATION

State Bank is a bank holding company that was incorporated under the laws of the State of Georgia in January 2010 to serve as the holding company for
SBTC. SBTC is a Georgia state-chartered bank that opened in October 2005.

Between July 24, 2009 and the date of this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus, SBTC has acquired $6.0 billion in total assets
and assumed $5.2 billion in deposits in 17 bank acquisition transactions. As a result of the bank acquisitions, SBTC has transformed from a small
community bank to a much larger commercial bank now operating 32 full-service banking offices throughout seven of Georgia’s eight largest
metropolitan statistical areas. SBTC offers a range of lending services, including commercial and residential real estate mortgage loans, real estate
construction loans, commercial and industrial loans, agriculture and consumer loans. Customers are generally individuals, owner-managed businesses,
farmers, professionals, real estate investors and smaller community banks within its market areas.

As of March 31, 2018, State Bank’s total assets were approximately $4.9 billion, total loans receivable were approximately $3.6 billion, total deposits
were approximately $4.2 billion and total shareholders’ equity was approximately $646.7 million.

State Bank’s headquarters is located at 3399 Peachtree Road, NE, Suite 1900, Atlanta, Georgia 30326, and its telephone number at that location
is (404) 475-6599. The State Bank common stock is traded on NASDAQ under the symbol “STBZ.” Additional information about State Bank
and its subsidiaries is included in documents incorporated by reference in this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus.
Please see “Where You Can Find More Information.”
 

40



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 49/178

Table of Contents

THE MERGER

The following discussion contains certain information about the merger. The discussion is subject, and qualified in its entirety by reference, to the
merger agreement attached as Annex A to this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus and incorporated herein by reference. We
urge you to read carefully this entire joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus, including the merger agreement attached as Annex A,
for a more complete understanding of the merger.

Terms of the Merger

Each of the Cadence board of directors and the State Bank board of directors has unanimously approved the merger agreement. Under the merger
agreement, State Bank will merge with and into Cadence, with Cadence continuing as the surviving corporation, in a transaction we refer to as the
merger. Immediately following the completion of the merger, SBTC will merge with and into Cadence Bank, with Cadence Bank continuing as the
surviving bank.

If the merger is completed, State Bank shareholders receive 1.160 shares of Cadence Class A common stock for each share of State Bank common stock
(except for treasury stock or shares owned by State Bank or Cadence (in each case other than in a fiduciary or agency capacity or as a result of debts
previously contracted)) they hold immediately prior to the merger, plus cash in lieu of fractional shares. As a result of the foregoing, based on the
number of shares of Cadence Class A common stock and State Bank common stock outstanding as of May 11, 2018, the last trading day before public
announcement of the merger, it is expected that Cadence stockholders will hold approximately 65%, and State Bank shareholders will hold
approximately 35%, of the shares of the combined company outstanding immediately after the effective time of the merger, which we refer to as the
effective time.

Immediately following the execution of the merger agreement, Cadence Bancorp, LLC, the holder of 54,875,000 shares of Cadence Class A common
stock, or approximately 65.6% of the shares of Cadence Class A common stock outstanding and entitled to vote on such matters as of May 11, 2018,
executed a written consent in lieu of a meeting, which we refer to as the Cadence written consent, approving (i) the adoption of the merger agreement
and (ii) the issuance of shares of Cadence Class A common stock in connection with the merger as contemplated by the merger agreement, which we
refer to as the Cadence stock issuance. As a result, no further action by any other Cadence stockholder is required in connection with the adoption of the
merger agreement and the approval of the Cadence stock issuance by Cadence stockholders.

State Bank shareholders are being asked to approve the merger agreement. See “The Merger Agreement” for additional and more detailed information
regarding the legal documents that govern the merger, including information about conditions to the completion of the merger and provisions for
terminating or amending the merger agreement.

Background of the Merger

As part of State Bank’s ongoing consideration and evaluation of its long-term prospects and strategies, since the recapitalization of State Bank in 2009,
State Bank’s board of directors and senior management have regularly reviewed and assessed its business strategies and objectives, all with the goal of
enhancing long-term value for its shareholders.

The State Bank board reviews and assesses strategic alternatives, including growth strategies (including acquisitions and organic growth), capital
planning, and potential earnings improvement through revenue increases, expense reductions and strategic mergers. The State Bank board of directors
has also reviewed the state of the banking industry generally and State Bank in particular, including the economic, interest rate and regulatory
environment; the competitive landscape for community banks; public trading prices of bank stocks;
 

41



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 50/178

Table of Contents

and bank merger and acquisition activity and valuations. These meetings have included discussions regarding business combinations, economies of
scale, increased client service, and shareholder value benefits that might be achieved if State Bank were to become a larger institution through
acquisitions of troubled institutions and small, healthy banks, acquisitions of banks with more substantial size, or a merger with a similarly-sized or
significantly larger financial institution.

In recent years, in addition to pursuing organic loan growth and implementing its capital planning strategies, State Bank, with the assistance of its
outside advisors, has repeatedly evaluated the community bank merger and acquisition market and potential merger partners and acquisition candidates
for State Bank. State Bank directors and executive officers have had discussions from time to time with investment bankers and financial institutions in
an effort to maintain knowledge of the relevant market for business combinations and to gauge the potential interest level and suitability of various
financial institutions with respect to exploring a business combination with State Bank. These contacts have occurred through formal and informal
meetings and telephone calls and impromptu meetings at investor conferences, banking industry conferences, and social settings. As part of State Bank’s
active involvement in the bank merger and acquisition market, between 2009 and the date of this joint information statement/proxy statement and
prospectus, State Bank has completed 17 bank acquisitions.

Further, State Bank’s board has evaluated various options in developing its management succession plan given the ages of Joseph Evans, State Bank’s
chairman of the board, and Thomas Wiley, State Bank’s chief executive officer, including interviewing potential successor candidates, both internally
and externally, to lead State Bank as a stand-alone institution in the future, or partnering with a larger or smaller institution that has strong management
members that are not at or near retirement age.

State Bank Exploratory Discussions with Other Institutions

While State Bank was pursuing its growth strategies, including bank acquisitions and organic growth, as part of State Bank’s ongoing efforts to enhance
long-term value for its shareholders, State Bank also continued to engage in discussions with other potential merger and acquisition partners. As a result
of State Bank’s activities and analysis of the community bank merger and acquisition market, including input received from various investment bankers
over the last several years in regards to the suitability of various institutions, State Bank developed its understanding of its logical potential merger and
acquisition partners. Prior to the announcement of the merger with Cadence, a number of possible merger or acquisition discussions and meetings took
place over a multi-year period with parties that were similar in size to or substantially larger than State Bank which State Bank deemed to have the
highest likelihood of engaging in a transaction with State Bank, taking into account a number of criteria, including ability to pay, strategic rationale,
regulatory readiness and previous oral expressions of interest.

In early 2017, Mr. Evans reached out to the president of a substantially larger regional bank with banking offices across the South and Midwest, which
we refer to as Party A, and discussed the merits of combining the two institutions. The meeting ended with a commitment to have further discussions,
but without any clearly defined next steps. In October 2017, representatives of Sandler O’Neill & Partners, L.P., which we refer to as Sandler O’Neill,
acting on behalf of State Bank, re-initiated discussions with Party A to determine whether it was interested in pursuing a strategic transaction with State
Bank. Party A advised representatives of Sandler O’Neill that Party A was not in a position to pursue a business combination with State Bank at that
time.

Also in early 2017, Mr. Evans reached out to the chief executive officer of a larger regional bank with offices in the Southeast, which we refer to as
Party B, and discussed the merits of combining the two institutions. This meeting also ended with a commitment to have further discussions, but without
any clearly defined next steps. In February 2018, Mr. Evans met with Party B’s chief executive officer and again discussed their respective banking
franchises and the merits of a potential business combination. In late March 2018, Messrs. Evans and Wiley met again with Party B’s chief executive
officer and president to continue discussions regarding the merits of a potential business combination. At the conclusion of these discussions, Party B
informed State Bank that it was not interested in pursuing a business combination at that time.
 

42



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 51/178

Table of Contents

State Bank’s discussions with Party A and Party B were all preliminary in nature, with no specific proposals being made. In addition to these
institutions, State Bank and its advisors had exploratory discussions during 2017 and 2018 with two other institutions, which we refer to as Party C and
Party D, respectively, that were interested in pursuing a business combination with State Bank, in addition to Cadence, each of which resulted in State
Bank receiving a letter of intent, as discussed below.

Early Communications with Cadence

Cadence evaluates from time to time acquisition opportunities that it believes could produce attractive returns for its stockholders. In particular, Cadence
considers acquisition opportunities that could improve its market position in geographies with attractive demographics and business growth trends,
expand its branch network in existing markets, reduce its ratio of loans to deposits, increase its earnings power and/or enhance its suite of products.
Cadence uses its acquisition and integration experience in identifying and executing on strategically and financially compelling opportunities that could
supplement its organic growth strategy.

State Bank and Cadence were initially introduced in 2010 by a common investor in both institutions. In late 2012, members of the respective State Bank
and Cadence management teams met to discuss the possibility of State Bank selling payroll services to Cadence customers. The parties entered into a
referral agreement with regard to payroll services in October 2013 that resulted in de minimis revenues for both parties. In March 2014, Mr. Evans, who
at the time was serving as State Bank’s chief executive officer, and Paul Murphy, Cadence’s chief executive officer, met in Atlanta to discuss a potential
business combination between the two companies, but no further action resulted from this meeting. Later, in August 2015, the parties had general
conversations regarding a possible business combination and entered into a confidentiality agreement.

In October 2015, certain members of State Bank’s executive management team met with certain members of Cadence’s executive management team at
Cadence’s headquarters. In late 2015 and early 2016, Mr. Evans and Mr. Murphy discussed the merits of combining the two institutions. However,
discussions did not progress beyond a preliminary stage.

In early 2017, after Mr. Evans contacted Mr. Murphy to determine if Cadence was still interested in a potential business combination, Cadence informed
State Bank that the timing was not right to move forward with a transaction. Cadence completed its initial public offering in April 2017.

Later, in the summer of 2017, State Bank and Cadence senior management met in Atlanta to discuss their respective businesses. Cadence described the
strategic merits of a potential business combination. After the meeting, members of State Bank senior management discussed with representatives of
Cadence possible valuation levels for a transaction but discussions did not progress at that time.

Early Communications with Party C and Party D

On August 24, 2017, Mr. Wiley and a representative of Raymond James & Associates Inc., which we refer to as Raymond James (which had not been
formally engaged by State Bank at this time), met with the chief executive officer of Party C, a larger regional bank with offices in the Southeast, to
discuss their respective businesses and the merits of a potential business combination. Also on the same day, Mr. Wiley met with Sandler O’Neill
representatives separately to discuss current market conditions, recent discussions with Party C and other potential partners for a business combination.

On August 29, 2017, Mr. Wiley met with the chief executive officer and chief financial officer of Party D, a larger regional bank with offices in the
Southeast, to discuss their respective institutions and Party D’s interest in exploring a potential business combination with State Bank.

On September 18, 2017, David Brown, State Bank’s executive vice president of corporate development, met with Party D’s chief financial officer to
discuss the merits of a potential combination between the two institutions and each institution’s financials and lines of business.
 

43



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 52/178

Table of Contents

Given the interest of several other institutions in potentially entering into a business combination with State Bank, in the fall of 2017, Mr. Evans called
Party A, Party B and Cadence to gauge their interest in a potential business combination, but none of the institutions indicated interest at a level that
State Bank believed warranted further discussion in light of State Bank’s prior discussions with Party C and Party D, respectively.

On September 26, 2017, State Bank’s executive committee held a meeting that was also attended by representatives of State Bank’s outside legal
counsel, Nelson Mullins Riley & Scarborough LLP, which we refer to as Nelson Mullins, to discuss the recent conversations with Party D regarding a
potential business combination, as well as other potential strategic partners.

On September 28, 2017, State Bank held a board retreat and Messrs. Evans and Wiley provided an update to the full board as to their latest
communications with Party C, Party D and other potential strategic merger partners.

On September 29, 2017, Party D’s chief credit officer and chief financial officer and Messrs. Wiley and Brown and Kim Childers, State Bank’s
executive risk officer and State Bank’s vice chairman of the board, met to discuss high-level strategic credit and financial-related topics.

On October 2, 2017, State Bank and Party C entered into a confidentiality agreement.

On October 3, 2017, State Bank and Party D entered into a confidentiality agreement.

On October 5, 2017, State Bank executive management met with Party C’s chairman, chief executive officer and chief financial officer for a high-level
strategic discussion of how a business combination with State Bank would fit into Party C’s overall strategic plan.

On October 6, 2017, State Bank’s board of directors held a meeting that was also attended by Mr. Brown and Nelson Mullins, to discuss management’s
recent conversations with Party C and Party D, respectively, as potential third-party merger partners in potential all-stock transactions. At the meeting,
the board discussed the need for State Bank to engage its own financial advisor (or advisors) to assist State Bank in reviewing these or other potential
transactions. The board also discussed and authorized the formation of the strategic committee of the board to facilitate the consideration of potential
strategic transactions and authorized such committee to review and evaluate a financial advisor (or advisors) to render financial advisory and investment
banking services to State Bank in connection with a potential business combination transaction, including the negotiation and execution of an
engagement letter with such advisor or advisors. The strategic committee is comprised of four members of the State Bank board of directors: Archie
Bransford, Virginia Hepner, John Houser and Mr. Wiley.

On October 11, 2017, State Bank’s strategic committee held a meeting that was also attended by Mr. Brown and representatives of Nelson Mullins,
Sandler O’Neill and Raymond James. The committee members reviewed and discussed Sandler O’Neill’s and Raymond James’ respective prior
investment banking and financial advisory services provided to Party C and Party D, and both firms confirmed for the committee, among other things,
that neither firm had any current investment banking services engagement with either Party C or Party D. The committee then discussed, among other
things, each financial advisor’s industry experience and the terms of each firm’s proposed engagement, and determined to engage both Sandler O’Neill
and Raymond James as State Bank’s financial advisors in a potential merger transaction. On October 12, 2017, State Bank entered into an engagement
agreement with Sandler O’Neill, and on October 16, 2017, State Bank entered into an engagement agreement with Raymond James. In mid-October
2017, State Bank began to populate an electronic data room with diligence materials. Party C and Party D were provided the opportunity to review these
materials at that time.

On November 2, 2017, Mr. Wiley had a conversation with Party D’s chief executive officer regarding the merits of a potential merger transaction,
including that Party D likely could not offer a premium to State Bank’s market price. Mr. Wiley advised Party D’s chief executive officer that he would
convey this discussion to the State Bank board.
 

44



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 53/178

Table of Contents

On November 7, 2017, Party C submitted a non-binding letter of intent to State Bank. On November 8, 2017, State Bank’s strategic committee held a
meeting to discuss the letter of intent and determined that State Bank would not respond to Party C’s letter of intent until after the full board met and
considered it on November 15, 2017. Prior to the November 15th board meeting, Party C rescinded the letter of intent pending additional conversations
with State Bank’s management, in part, because of a recent decline in Party C’s stock price. Shortly thereafter, Mr. Wiley and Party C spoke and
concluded that the parties were not in a position to move forward with a transaction between the parties at that time.

On November 30, 2017, certain members of State Bank’s and Party D’s respective executive management teams met for an in-depth discussion
regarding their respective businesses and diligence matters, as well as an indicative exchange ratio that Party D would be willing to agree to in a
transaction between the parties.

On December 12, 2017, Party D provided a written non-binding letter of intent to State Bank offering 100% stock consideration with a fixed exchange
ratio implying a price range of $29.38 to $30.30 per share of State Bank common stock, representing at the time between a discount of 0.2% under, and
a premium of 3.0% over, State Bank’s 30-day volume weighted average price. On December 18, 2017, State Bank’s board determined not to pursue
additional discussions with Party D at the price range for shares being offered by Party D.

On February 5, 2018, Mr. Wiley and other members of State Bank’s management again met with Party C to discuss any continued interest in a
transaction but Party C indicated it would not pursue a transaction with State Bank at that time.

Negotiations with Cadence and Party D

In late February 2018, Mr. Brown and Samuel M. Tortorici, Cadence’s president, discussed strategic options and Mr. Tortorici again raised the
possibility of a potential business combination between the parties.

Also in late February, given renewed interest shown by Cadence, Mr. Wiley reached out to Party D’s chief executive officer to gauge Party D’s interest
in re-engaging in discussions regarding a potential business combination.

During this time, representatives from Sandler O’Neill and Raymond James remained in active dialogue with representatives of Cadence and Party D.

In early March 2018, Mr. Evans informed Mr. Murphy at Cadence that Mr. Evans believed that another party (Party D) was interested in combining with
State Bank at a premium to market stock price. Mr. Murphy indicated that Cadence may also consider making a proposal at a price reflecting a premium
to State Bank’s trading price and would begin the process of considering the terms of a potential non-binding letter of intent.

On March 2, 2018, Cadence’s board of directors held a meeting to review with Cadence management the status of discussions with State Bank and the
possibility of a potential business combination with State Bank.

On March 7, 2018, Mr. Wiley called Party D to request an indication of pricing, including a price range.

On March 13, 2018, Mr. Wiley had another conversation with Party D, in which Party D indicated it was considering a 100% stock transaction with a
fixed exchange ratio implying a price range of $32.88 to $33.67 per share of State Bank common stock, representing at the time a premium of between
10.7% and 13.3% over State Bank’s 30-day volume weighted average price.

During the period from March 15, 2018 through March 26, 2018, the M&A committee of Cadence’s board of directors met four times to review with
Cadence management the status of discussions with State Bank and authorized the delivery by Cadence of a non-binding letter of intent to State Bank
proposing a 100% stock transaction with a fixed exchange ratio of 1.145x.
 

45



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 54/178

Table of Contents

On March 26, 2018, the respective management teams of State Bank and Cadence met and discussed possible pricing levels for a potential transaction.

On March 27, 2018, Mr. Wiley contacted Party D to inform Party D of State Bank’s upcoming board meetings and to further gauge Party D’s interest.

On March 28, 2018, Cadence delivered a non-binding letter of intent to State Bank proposing a 100% stock transaction with a fixed exchange ratio of
1.145x, valued at $31.01 per share of State Bank common stock and which at the time represented a premium of 3.0% over State Bank’s 30-day volume
weighted average price. Cadence’s letter of intent requested an exclusivity period of approximately one month.

On March 30, 2018, the M&A committee of Cadence’s board of directors met to review with Cadence management the status of discussions with State
Bank and authorized the delivery by Cadence of a revised non-binding letter of intent to State Bank proposing a 100% stock transaction with a fixed
exchange ratio between 1.145x and 1.175x.

On April 4, 2018, Cadence delivered a revised non-binding letter of intent to State Bank, which did not include an exclusivity provision, as State Bank
had informed Cadence that it would not grant exclusivity at that time. Cadence proposed a 100% stock transaction with a fixed exchange ratio between
1.145x and 1.175x, valued at $31.03 to $31.84 per share of State Bank common stock and which at the time represented a premium of between 3.2%
and 5.9% over State Bank’s 30-day volume weighted average price. Cadence’s letter proposed to complete accelerated due diligence and expeditiously
negotiate and sign a definitive agreement.

On April 9, 2018, Party D delivered a non-binding letter of intent to State Bank, which also did not include an exclusivity provision, as State Bank had
informed Party D that it would not grant exclusivity at that time. Party D proposed a 100% stock transaction with a fixed exchange ratio implying a
price between $30.36 and $31.82 per share of State Bank common stock, representing at the time a premium of between 1.0% and 5.9% over State
Bank’s 30-day volume weighted average price. Party D provided that it would take four to six weeks to complete due diligence.

During the period from April 4, 2018 through April 9, 2018, State Bank’s executive management had numerous conversations with Sandler O’Neill and
Raymond James as well as discussions with the respective financial advisors of Cadence and Party D regarding the terms of the letters of intent and a
potential business combination with either Cadence or Party D.

On April 9, 2018, State Bank’s strategic committee held a meeting that was also attended by Mr. Evans, Mr. Brown and representatives of Nelson
Mullins, Sandler O’Neill and Raymond James. At the meeting, management updated the committee on recent discussions with Cadence and Party D and
informed the committee of the non-binding letters of intent from Cadence and Party D. The committee reviewed with Sandler O’Neill and Raymond
James the terms of each letter of intent, including, among other things, the background of each party, strategic rationale, transaction structure, the range
of exchange ratios, the range of the implied purchase price per share, form of consideration, financing and other contingencies and approvals. The State
Bank strategic committee, in consultation with Sandler O’Neill and Raymond James, also discussed the pro forma financial impact of each proposed
transaction on State Bank and Cadence or Party D, as applicable, and how each proposal compared to selected precedent transactions.

The committee asked questions of Sandler O’Neill and Raymond James throughout the meeting, and the members discussed, among other things,
opportunities to conduct reverse due diligence, the current state of the economic environment, risks and opportunities related to remaining a stand-alone
institution and execution risk for each potential transaction. The committee then directed management to call a board meeting as soon as possible to
present each letter of intent to the full board for consideration.

On April 11, 2018, State Bank’s board of directors held a meeting that was also attended by Mr. Brown, and representatives of Nelson Mullins, Sandler
O’Neill and Raymond James, to discuss the non-binding letters of
 

46



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 55/178

Table of Contents

intent from Cadence and Party D. The board reviewed with Sandler O’Neill and Raymond James the terms of each letter of intent. The State Bank
board, in consultation with Sandler O’Neill and Raymond James, also evaluated the pro forma financial impact of each proposed transaction on State
Bank and Cadence or Party D, as applicable, and how each proposal compared to selected precedent transactions.

The board discussed with Sandler O’Neill and Raymond James the price ranges proposed by Cadence and Party D, respectively, reverse due diligence,
proposed cost savings and synergies, corporate strategies and growth. The board members then discussed, among other things, risks and opportunities
with pursing a stand-alone strategy, including various challenges in the banking environment, risks related to succession planning, the strength of State
Bank’s current credit metrics and the need to deploy excess capital. Nelson Mullins then advised the board that because neither letter of intent included
an exclusivity provision, and because each was non-binding, the board could execute both letters of intent. Nelson Mullins discussed with the State
Bank board how a parallel negotiation process would operate. Following extensive discussion, the board authorized management to proceed with
negotiating and executing each letter of intent.

Also, on April 11, 2018, the independent directors committee discussed engaging Kilpatrick Townsend & Stockton LLP, which we refer to as Kilpatrick,
to advise the independent directors in the process of considering strategic alternatives. The committee unanimously approved engaging Kilpatrick as
counsel to the independent directors committee.

Following the April 11th meeting of State Bank’s board, State Bank made available to each of Cadence and Party D certain due diligence materials in an
electronic data room. State Bank also coordinated reverse due diligence investigations of each interested party and instructed Nelson Mullins to draft a
definitive merger agreement that could be provided to each of Cadence and Party D. On April 18, 2018, Nelson Mullins delivered the initial draft of
such definitive merger agreement to State Bank for internal review. On April 21, 2018, Cadence delivered to State Bank a separate initial draft of its
form of definitive merger agreement. On April 22, 2018, Nelson Mullins and State Bank revised Cadence’s draft to reflect terms favorable to State Bank
from State Bank’s proposed form of definitive agreement. During this time, Nelson Mullins performed reverse legal due diligence on Cadence and Party
D, including review of publicly filed documents. On April 24, 2018, Sandler O’Neill delivered the initial draft of State Bank’s form of definitive merger
agreement to Party D.

On April 23 and 24, 2018, Cadence conducted on-site interviews with State Bank management from all major areas of operations. On April 24, 2018,
State Bank’s board along with some members of management met over dinner with Cadence’s executive management to discuss the potential strategic
transaction between the two parties.

On April 24, 2018, State Bank’s financial advisors requested that Cadence and Party D submit their final bids to State Bank on May 8, 2018.

On April 25, 2018, State Bank’s board met and continued to discuss the status of the process with each of Party D and Cadence, and Party D and
Cadence each delivered a presentation to the State Bank board describing the strategic merits of a potential business combination between such party
and State Bank. The independent directors committee held a meeting on the same day with representatives of Kilpatrick in attendance. Representatives
of Kilpatrick reviewed with the State Bank board of directors their fiduciary duties. The committee discussed engaging an additional financial advisor to
render a fairness opinion on a non-contingent fee basis. The committee agreed that it would consider the prior engagement of Raymond James and
Sandler O’Neill as State Bank’s financial advisors and either confirm that it was satisfied with such arrangements or seek changes to them.

Also on April 25, 2018, Cadence’s board of directors held a meeting to review with Cadence management the status of discussions with State Bank and
Cadence’s ongoing due diligence investigations with respect to State Bank.
 

47



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 56/178

Table of Contents

On April 26, 2018, Sandler O’Neill delivered a revised draft of the merger agreement to Cadence.

On April 27, 2018, Party D performed due diligence and in-person interviews of State Bank’s management.

On May 1, 2018, Cadence delivered a revised draft to State Bank largely accepting changes requested by State Bank and Nelson Mullins. On May 1 and
2, 2018, Messrs. Evans and Wiley had discussions regarding the potential transaction with members of Cadence’s management.

On May 2, 2018, the M&A committee of Cadence’s board of directors held a meeting to review with Cadence management the status of discussions
with State Bank and receive an update on Cadence’s ongoing due diligence investigations with respect to State Bank.

On May 2, 2018, State Bank conducted telephonic reverse due diligence with Party D.

On May 3 and 4, 2018 State Bank and its advisors conducted reverse due diligence with Cadence.

On May 3, 2018, State Bank’s strategic committee held a meeting that was also attended by Mr. Evans, Mr. Brown, John Willis (in-house legal counsel),
and representatives of Nelson Mullins, Sandler O’Neill and Raymond James, to provide an update on the status of discussions with each of Cadence and
Party D and review and discuss the materials provided by Nelson Mullins analyzing the material terms of the current Cadence draft merger agreement
and the draft merger agreement provided to Party D, including a comparison to precedent transactions. The strategic committee also reviewed and
discussed with Sandler O’Neill and Raymond James each firm’s prior investment banking and financial advisory services provided to Cadence and Party
D, and both firms confirmed for the committee, among other things, that neither firm had any current investment banking services engagement with
either Cadence or Party D.

On May 4, 2018, State Bank’s board of directors held a meeting that was also attended by Mr. Brown, Mr. Willis, and representatives of Nelson Mullins,
Kilpatrick, Sandler O’Neill and Raymond James, to provide an update on the status of discussions with each of Cadence and Party D and review and
discuss the materials provided by Nelson Mullins analyzing the material terms of the current Cadence draft merger agreement and the draft merger
agreement provided to Party D, including a comparison to precedent transactions. The terms discussed, included, among others, the form of
consideration, the scope of representations and warranties, the scope of covenants, termination fees and termination provisions, and closing conditions.
The State Bank board also passed a resolution authorizing the independent directors committee to among other things review, evaluate, and, if it deemed
appropriate in its sole discretion, negotiate and make recommendations to the full board regarding a potential business combination (including with
Cadence, Party D or any other entity that the independent directors committee might determine to pursue) or other strategic alternatives available to
State Bank to enhance realizable value for State Bank’s shareholders. The resolution also authorized the independent directors committee to engage such
professional advisors and consultants (including attorneys, investment bankers, and others it deemed prudent) to assist the independent directors
committee in its review and evaluation process.

On May 4, 2018, State Bank’s independent directors committee also held a meeting that was attended by representatives of Kilpatrick, Nelson Mullins,
Sandler O’Neill and Raymond James. At the meeting, the independent directors committee reviewed and discussed the prior investment banking and
financial advisory services provided by each of Sandler O’Neill and Raymond James to Cadence and Party D. Each of the firms confirmed that it had no
current investment banking services engagements with either Cadence or Party D and that it had no active proposals to be engaged by Cadence or Party
D. The committee determined that the prior business relations of the financial advisors with Cadence and Party D were not material in the context of the
proposed transaction and were not expected to impair the financial advisors’ ability to perform financial advisory services for the board. The committee
then ratified the selection and terms of engagement of each of Raymond James and Sandler O’Neill as financial advisors to State Bank. The committee
also decided at this meeting to
 

48



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 57/178

Table of Contents

engage FIG Partners LLC, which we refer to as FIG Partners, to provide a separate fairness opinion to the independent directors committee on a non-
contingent fee basis. The committee considered that FIG Partners had no material relationships with either Cadence or Party D and had not previously
performed any investment banking services for State Bank.

On May 4, 2018, the M&A committee of Cadence’s board of directors held a meeting to review with Cadence management the status of discussions
with State Bank.

On May 4, 2018, Party D’s legal counsel delivered a revised draft merger agreement back to Nelson Mullins, which contained substantial revisions. On
May 5, 2018, Nelson Mullins and State Bank reviewed Party D’s revisions to the draft merger agreement. On May 6, 2018, Nelson Mullins and State
Bank management discussed the unresolved issues in the draft merger agreements received from each of Cadence and Party D.

Also on May 6, 2018, Mr. Evans had dinner with Messrs. Murphy and Tortorici of Cadence and discussed, among other things, integration matters. Mr.
Evans emphasized to Cadence that it needed to bid competitively in order for State Bank to approve the merger transaction.

On May 7, 2018, Mr. Wiley met with Party D to deliver a similar message that Party D should submit its most competitive pricing on the bid deadline,
May 8, 2018.

On May 7, 2018, Nelson Mullins and Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz, special counsel to Cadence, which we refer to as Wachtell Lipton, resolved the
final open issues (other than price) in the draft merger agreement delivered by Cadence. On the same day, Nelson Mullins delivered a revised draft
merger agreement to Party D’s counsel incorporating comments that caused the Party D draft to be substantively similar to the Cadence draft and had a
call with Party D’s legal counsel regarding the revisions.

On May 7, 2018, the M&A committee of Cadence’s board of directors held a meeting to review with Cadence management the status of discussions
with State Bank.

On May 7, 2018, Cadence’s board of directors held a meeting that was also attended by representatives of Wachtell Lipton and Goldman Sachs & Co.
LLC, which we refer to as Goldman Sachs, to review the status of discussions with State Bank, the outcome of Cadence’s due diligence investigations
with respect to State Bank, the materials provided by Wachtell Lipton analyzing the material terms of the current Cadence draft merger agreement,
which reflected the resolution of open issues (other than price), and the materials provided by Goldman Sachs describing its financial analyses of a
potential business combination of Cadence and State Bank. Following discussion, the Cadence board of directors authorized the submission by Cadence
management of a final bid to State Bank reflecting a fixed exchange ratio of 1.16x shares of Cadence common stock.

On May 8, 2018, each of Cadence and Party D submitted its final bid to State Bank.

Cadence proposed an all-stock transaction with a fixed exchange ratio of 1.16x shares of Cadence common stock, implying a price of $34.67 per share
of State Bank common stock which represented a 11.7% premium to State Bank’s 30-day volume weighted average price. Cadence also offered State
Bank three board positions on each of Cadence’s board of directors and Cadence Bank’s board of directors and provided that it would relocate Cadence
Bank’s headquarters from Birmingham, Alabama to Atlanta, Georgia. Cadence indicated that it had completed its due diligence and that it was ready to
immediately approve and execute the merger agreement.

Party D proposed an all-stock transaction with a fixed exchange ratio implying a price of $33.62 per share of State Bank common stock which
represented an 8.3% premium to State Bank’s 30-day volume weighted average price. Party D specifically noted several remaining open items in its
definitive agreement, which State Bank deemed resolvable, and stated that Party D would need to complete due diligence and obtain final approval of
Party D’s board of directors, which would take at least two weeks after receiving confirmation from State Bank that it would proceed with Party D.
 

49



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 58/178

Table of Contents

On May 9, 2018, State Bank’s strategic committee met to review the final bids from Cadence and Party D, the latest drafts of the merger agreements and
presentations from State Bank’s financial advisors with respect to Cadence and Party D.

On May 10, 2018, State Bank’s board met to discuss the potential business combinations proposed by Cadence and Party D, respectively.
Representatives of Sandler O’Neill, Raymond James, Nelson Mullins and Kilpatrick attended the meeting. State Bank management and the strategic
committee updated the board on the discussions with Cadence regarding Cadence’s proposed business combination. Representatives of Sandler O’Neill
and Raymond James reviewed the potential pro forma effects of Cadence’s proposed transaction and the geographic footprint of the combined company
following Cadence’s proposed transaction. In addition, representatives of Sandler O’Neill and Raymond James provided an overview of State Bank’s
financial position as a standalone company and in combination with either Cadence or Party D. Sandler O’Neill and Raymond James also discussed the
negotiations with each of Cadence and Party D and their respective views that neither Cadence nor Party D would increase the exchange ratio it had
offered. The State Bank board of directors then had an extensive discussion of the proposed combination with Cadence, including the greater value of
the merger consideration as compared to the proposed combination with Party D and the execution risks of the proposed combination with Cadence,
including relative to the proposed combination with Party D, and concluded that, given that Party D had not completed its due diligence, the execution
risks of the immediately actionable transaction with Cadence were less significant than with Party D.

On May 10, 2018, State Bank’s independent directors committee met with Kilpatrick and FIG Partners in attendance to review the final bids from
Cadence and Party D and the latest drafts of the merger agreements. Representatives of Nelson Mullins and Kilpatrick reviewed with the State Bank
board of directors their fiduciary duties. The independent directors committee considered the strategic alternatives available to State Bank, including
engaging in a transaction with Cadence or Party D, seeking additional bidders or remaining a stand-alone institution. The committee considered among
other things the factors described under “—State Bank’s Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of the State Bank Board of Directors.” Following
discussion, the committee unanimously agreed that it was in the best interests of State Bank shareholders for State Bank to pursue a business
combination transaction, that the transaction proposed by Cadence was the best transaction available and that it was not in the best interests of State
Bank shareholders to seek additional bidders. The committee directed management and Nelson Mullins to proceed to finalize a merger agreement with
Cadence and to present it to the committee for its consideration.

On May 11, 2018, Cadence’s board of directors held a meeting that was also attended by representatives of Wachtell Lipton and Goldman Sachs.
Representatives of Wachtell Lipton reviewed with the Cadence board of directors their fiduciary duties. At the request of Cadence’s board of directors,
Goldman Sachs rendered to the Cadence board of directors its oral opinion, subsequently confirmed in writing, to the effect that, as of that date, and
based upon and subject to the factors and assumptions set forth in Goldman Sachs’ written opinion dated May 11, 2018, the exchange ratio of 1.16
shares of Cadence Class A common stock to be paid by Cadence for each share of State Bank common stock pursuant to the merger agreement was fair
from a financial point of view to Cadence. The Cadence board of directors, taking into consideration the matters discussed during the meeting and in
prior meetings of the Cadence board of directors, including consideration of the factors described under “—Cadence’s Reasons for the Merger,”
determined that the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including the merger, were advisable and in the best
interests of Cadence and its stockholders and approved the execution, delivery and performance by Cadence of the merger agreement and the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including the merger.

On May 11, 2018, State Bank’s board of directors held a meeting and, at the request of the State Bank board of directors, Sandler O’Neill and Raymond
James then rendered their respective oral opinions with respect to the Cadence transaction, which were confirmed by delivery of written opinions dated
May 11, 2018, to the effect that, as of that date and based on and subject to various assumptions and limitations described in its opinion, the exchange
ratio of 1.16x provided for in the merger was fair, from a financial point of view, to holders of State
 

50



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 59/178

Table of Contents

Bank common stock. In addition, representatives of Nelson Mullins discussed with the board the terms of the final transaction documents to be executed
with Cadence. The meeting was then adjourned and a meeting of State Bank’s independent directors committee was convened.

State Bank’s independent directors committee met, along with representatives from Kilpatrick and Nelson Mullins, and, at the request of the State Bank
independent directors committee, FIG Partners then rendered its oral opinion with respect to the Cadence transaction, which was confirmed by delivery
of a written opinion dated May 11, 2018, to the effect that, as of that date and based on and subject to various assumptions and limitations described in
its opinion, the exchange ratio of 1.16x provided for in the merger was fair, from a financial point of view, to holders of State Bank common stock. In
addition, representatives of Kilpatrick discussed with the committee the terms of the final transaction documents to be executed with Cadence.
Following these discussions, and review and discussion among the members of the State Bank independent directors committee, including consideration
of the factors described under “—State Bank’s Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of the State Bank board of directors,” the State Bank
independent directors committee passed a resolution recommending that the State Bank board determine that the merger agreement with Cadence and
the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including the merger of State Bank and Cadence, were advisable and in the best interests of
State Bank and its shareholders. The State Bank independent directors committee then adjourned.

The full State Bank board then reconvened its meeting, after considering the proposed terms of the merger agreement and the various presentations of its
financial and legal advisors, and taking into consideration the matters discussed during the meeting and in prior meetings of the State Bank board, the
State Bank strategic committee and the resolution of the State Bank independent directors committee, including consideration of the factors described
under “—State Bank’s Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of the State Bank board of directors,” the State Bank board of directors determined
that the merger agreement with Cadence and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including the merger of State Bank and Cadence,
were advisable and in the best interests of State Bank and its shareholders and voted to adopt and approve the merger agreement and the transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement.

On the Friday evening of May 11, 2018, State Bank and Cadence finalized and executed the merger agreement. On the afternoon of May 13, 2018, State
Bank and Cadence issued a joint press release announcing the execution of the merger agreement.

Cadence’s Reasons for the Merger

In evaluating the merger, the Cadence board of directors consulted with Cadence management, as well as independent legal and financial advisors, and,
in the course of reaching its decision to approve the merger agreement, to adopt the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement, and to recommend that Cadence stockholders adopt the merger agreement, the Cadence board of directors considered a number of factors,
including the following material factors:
 

 

•  its understanding of the current and prospective environment in which Cadence and State Bank operate, including national and local
economic conditions, the interest rate environment, increasing operating costs resulting from regulatory initiatives and compliance
mandates, the competitive environment for financial institutions generally, and the likely effect of these factors on Cadence both with and
without the proposed transaction;

 

 

•  each of Cadence’s, State Bank’s, and the combined company’s business, operations, financial condition, asset quality, earnings, and
prospects. In reviewing these factors, the Cadence board of directors considered its view that State Bank’s financial condition and asset
quality were sound, that State Bank’s business and operations complemented those of Cadence, and that the merger would result in a
combined company with a larger market presence and more diversified business mix as well as an attractive funding base, including through
core deposit funding, and stronger asset quality. The

 
51



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 60/178

Table of Contents

 
Cadence board of directors further considered that State Bank’s earnings and prospects, and synergies potentially available in the proposed
transaction, created an opportunity for the combined company to have superior future earnings and prospects compared to Cadence’s
earnings and prospects on a stand-alone basis. In particular, the Cadence board of directors considered the following:

 

 
•  its belief that the merger will combine two strong and growing banking institutions to create a leading regional banking franchise

with an enhanced commercial lending expertise and complementary product sets, bolstering Cadence’s lending presence with full
service banking in the highly attractive Atlanta market;

 

 
•  the potential for bringing together seasoned bank operators built on a common vision with similar values, with talented, motivated

workforces and compatible corporate cultures;
 

 •  the similarity of the businesses, balance sheets and management teams;
 

 
•  the expanded possibilities, including organic growth and future acquisitions, that would be available to the combined company given

its larger size, asset base, capital, and footprint;
 

 
•  its review and discussions with Cadence’s management and advisors concerning Cadence’s due diligence examination of State

Bank’s business;
 

 
•  the anticipated positive impact of the merger on the combined company’s capital position, including regulatory capital levels, and the

combined company’s potential ability to generate substantial internal capital to support future growth;
 

 
•  the participation of three of State Bank’s directors in the combined company which the Cadence board of directors believed would

enhance the likelihood of realizing the strategic benefits that Cadence expects to derive from the merger;
 

 

•  Cadence’s successful track record of creating stockholder value through its acquisitions of Cadence Bank in 2011, the deposits and
assets of Superior Bank in 2011 and Encore Bancshares in 2012, including its proven experience in successfully integrating acquired
businesses and retaining key personnel, and Cadence management’s belief that Cadence will be able to integrate State Bank with
Cadence successfully;

 

 
•  the expectation that the transaction will be generally tax-free for United States federal income tax purposes to Cadence’s

stockholders;
 

 

•  the financial analyses presented to the Cadence board of directors by Goldman Sachs and the oral opinion rendered by Goldman
Sachs, subsequently confirmed by delivery of a written opinion dated May 11, 2018, to the Cadence board of directors to the effect
that, as of May 11, 2018 and based on and subject to the factors and assumptions set forth in Goldman Sachs’ written opinion, the
exchange ratio pursuant to the merger agreement was fair from a financial point of view to Cadence, summarized below under “—
Opinion of Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC”; and

 

 
•  its review with Cadence’s outside legal counsel, Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz, of the terms of the merger agreement, including

deal protection and termination fee provisions.

The Cadence board of directors also considered potential risks relating to the merger but concluded that the anticipated benefits of the merger were
likely to substantially outweigh these risks. These potential risks included:
 

 •  the possibility of encountering difficulties in achieving anticipated cost savings in the amounts estimated or in the time frame contemplated;
 

 
•  the possibility of encountering difficulties in successfully integrating State Bank’s business, operations, and workforce with those of

Cadence;
 

 
•  the transaction-related restructuring charges and other merger-related costs, including the payments and other benefits to be received by

State Bank directors and executive officers in connection with the
 

52



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 61/178

Table of Contents

 
merger pursuant to existing State Bank plans and compensation arrangements and the merger agreements more fully described under “—
Interests of State Bank’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger”;

 

 •  diversion of management attention and resources from the operation of Cadence’s business towards the completion of the merger; and
 

 
•  the regulatory and other approvals required in connection with the merger and the risk that such regulatory approvals will not be received in

a timely manner or may impose unacceptable conditions.

The foregoing discussion of the information and factors considered by the Cadence board of directors is not intended to be exhaustive, but includes the
material factors considered by the Cadence board of directors. In reaching its decision to adopt the merger agreement, to approve the merger and the
other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, the Cadence board of directors did not quantify or assign any relative weights to the factors
considered, and individual directors may have given different weights to different factors. The Cadence board of directors considered all these factors as
a whole and overall considered the factors to be favorable to, and to support, its determination.

For the reasons set forth above, the Cadence board of directors unanimously (i) determined that the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated
thereby, including the merger, are in the best interests of Cadence and the Cadence stockholders, and declared that the merger agreement is advisable,
and (ii) approved the execution, delivery and performance by Cadence of the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the
merger. The Cadence written consent approving (i) the adoption of the merger agreement and (ii) the issuance of shares of Cadence Class A common
stock in connection with the merger as contemplated by the merger agreement was obtained on May 11, 2018.

Unaudited Prospective Financial Information of Cadence
 

Cadence does not as a matter of course make public projections as to future performance, revenues, earnings or other financial results given,
among other reasons, the uncertainty of realizing the underlying assumptions and estimates. However, Cadence is including in this joint
information statement/proxy statement and prospectus certain unaudited prospective financial information that was provided to the Cadence
board of directors in connection with its evaluation of the merger. Unaudited prospective financial information relating to Cadence was also
provided to Goldman Sachs, financial advisor to Cadence. The inclusion of this information should not be regarded as an indication that any of
Cadence, State Bank, their respective affiliates, officers, directors, advisors or other representatives or any other recipient of this information
considered, or now considers, it necessarily to be predictive of actual future results, or that it should be construed as financial guidance, and it
should not be relied on as such. This information was prepared solely for internal use and is subjective in many respects.

While presented with numeric specificity, the unaudited prospective financial information reflects numerous estimates and assumptions made with
respect to business, economic, market, competition, regulatory and financial conditions and matters specific to Cadence’s business, all of which are
difficult to predict and many of which are beyond Cadence’s control. The unaudited prospective financial information reflects both assumptions as to
certain business decisions that are subject to change and, in many respects, subjective judgment, and thus is susceptible to multiple interpretations and
periodic revisions based on actual experience and business developments. Cadence can give no assurance that the unaudited prospective financial
information and the underlying estimates and assumptions will be realized. In addition, since the unaudited prospective financial information covers
multiple years, such information by its nature becomes less predictive with each successive year.

Actual results may differ materially from those set forth below, and important factors that may affect actual results and cause the unaudited prospective
financial information not to be realized include, but are not limited
 

53



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 62/178

Table of Contents

to, risks and uncertainties relating to Cadence’s business, industry performance, general business and economic conditions, customer requirements,
competition and adverse changes in applicable laws, regulations or rules. For other factors that could cause actual results to differ, please see the sections
entitled “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in this joint information statement/proxy statement and
prospectus and in Cadence’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017 and the other reports filed by Cadence with the
SEC.

The unaudited prospective financial information does not take into account any circumstances or events occurring after the date it was prepared.
Cadence can give no assurance that, had the unaudited prospective financial information been prepared as of the date of this joint information
statement/proxy statement and prospectus, similar estimates and assumptions would be used. CADENCE DOES NOT INTEND TO, AND DISCLAIMS
ANY OBLIGATION TO, MAKE PUBLICLY AVAILABLE ANY UPDATE OR OTHER REVISION TO THE UNAUDITED PROSPECTIVE
FINANCIAL INFORMATION TO REFLECT CIRCUMSTANCES EXISTING SINCE ITS PREPARATION OR TO REFLECT THE OCCURRENCE
OF UNANTICIPATED EVENTS, EVEN IN THE EVENT THAT ANY OR ALL OF THE ASSUMPTIONS UNDERLYING THE UNAUDITED
PROSPECTIVE FINANCIAL INFORMATION ARE NOT REALIZED, OR TO REFLECT CHANGES IN GENERAL ECONOMIC OR INDUSTRY
CONDITIONS, EXCEPT AS MAY BE REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW. The unaudited prospective financial information does not take into
account the possible financial and other effects on Cadence of the merger and does not attempt to predict or suggest future results of the combined
company. The unaudited prospective financial information does not give effect to the merger, including the impact of negotiating or executing the
merger agreement, the expenses that may be incurred in connection with consummating the merger, potential synergies that may be achieved by the
combined company as a result of the merger or the effect of any business or strategic decisions or actions which would likely have been taken if the
merger agreement had not been executed, but which were instead altered, accelerated, postponed or not taken in anticipation of the merger. Further, the
unaudited prospective financial information does not take into account the effect on Cadence of any possible failure of the merger to occur. None of
Cadence, State Bank or their respective affiliates, officers, directors, advisors or other representatives has made, makes or is authorized in the future to
make any representation to any Cadence stockholder or State Bank shareholder or other person regarding Cadence’s ultimate performance compared to
the information contained in the unaudited prospective financial information or that the forecasted results will be achieved. The summary of the
unaudited prospective financial information included below is being provided solely because it was made available to Cadence’s financial advisor in
connection with the merger.
 
   Cadence Fiscal Year Ending December 31,  
(Dollar amounts in millions, 
except for per share amounts)   2018E    2019E    2020E    2021E    2022E  
Revenue   $ 481   $ 526   $ 576   $ 630   $ 689 
Noninterest expense    246    263    283    303    325 
Income before taxes    213    235    263    294    326 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

Net income   $ 167   $ 184   $ 205   $ 229   $ 254 
    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

Earnings per share, diluted   $ 1.97   $ 2.17   $ 2.42   $ 2.71   $ 3.00 
    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

Tangible common equity   $1,125   $1,251   $1,398   $1,570   $1,766 
    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

 
54



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 63/178

Table of Contents

As described under “—Unaudited Prospective Financial Information of State Bank,” during the course of due diligence for the merger, certain unaudited
prospective financial information with respect to State Bank was made available by State Bank to Cadence and its financial advisor. In connection with
the evaluation of the merger, Cadence management instructed Goldman Sachs to utilize such unaudited prospective financial information, as adjusted by
Cadence management, for purposes of its financial analyses in connection with its fairness opinion. Such adjusted unaudited prospective financial
information is set forth below.
 
   State Bank Fiscal Year Ending December 31,  
(Dollar amounts in millions, 
except for per share amounts)   2018E    2019E    2020E    2021E    2022E  
Revenue   $ 269   $ 284   $ 300   $ 313   $ 331 
Noninterest expense    154    155    159    164    169 
Income before taxes    105    119    129    136    148 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

Net income   $ 81   $ 92   $ 99   $ 105   $ 114 
    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

Earnings per share, diluted   $2.06   $2.34   $2.54   $2.67   $2.90 
    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

Tangible common equity   $ 593   $ 655   $ 722   $ 791   $ 867 
    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

In addition, for purposes of performing certain of Goldman Sachs’ financial analyses, Cadence instructed Goldman Sachs to incorporate projected
pre-tax cost synergies of 30% of State Bank’s noninterest expense phased in over two years.

The unaudited prospective financial information was not prepared with a view toward public disclosure, nor was it prepared with a view toward
compliance with GAAP, published guidelines of the SEC or the guidelines established by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants for the
preparation and presentation of prospective financial information. Neither Cadence’s independent registered public accounting firm, nor any other
independent accountants, have compiled, examined or performed any procedures with respect to the unaudited prospective financial information
contained herein, nor have they expressed any opinion or any other form of assurance on such information or its achievability. The independent
registered public accountant report of Ernst & Young LLP incorporated by reference in this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus
relates to Cadence’s historical financial information. It does not extend to the unaudited prospective financial information and should not be read to do
so.

In light of the foregoing, and considering the uncertainties inherent in forecasting information, Cadence stockholders and State Bank shareholders are
cautioned not to place unwarranted reliance on such information, and Cadence urges all Cadence stockholders and State Bank shareholders to review
Cadence’s most recent SEC filings for a description of Cadence’s reported financial results. See “Where You Can Find More Information.”

Opinion of Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC

At a meeting of the Cadence board of directors held on May 11, 2018, Goldman Sachs rendered to the Cadence board of directors its oral opinion,
subsequently confirmed in writing, to the effect that, as of the date of its written opinion, and based upon and subject to the factors and assumptions set
forth in Goldman Sachs’ written opinion, the exchange ratio of 1.16 shares of Cadence Class A common stock to be paid by Cadence for each share of
State Bank common stock, pursuant to the merger agreement was fair from a financial point of view to Cadence.

The full text of the written opinion of Goldman Sachs, dated May 11, 2018, which sets forth assumptions made, procedures followed, matters
considered, qualifications and limitations on the review undertaken in connection with the opinion, is attached to this document as Annex B.
The summary of the Goldman Sachs opinion contained in this document is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of Goldman
Sachs’ written opinion. Goldman Sachs’ advisory services and opinion were provided for the information and assistance of the Cadence board
of directors in connection with its consideration of the proposed transaction and the opinion does not constitute a recommendation as to how
any holder of Cadence Class A common stock should vote with respect to the proposed transaction or any other matter.
 

55



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 64/178

Table of Contents

In connection with rendering the opinion described above and performing its related financial analyses, Goldman Sachs reviewed, among other things:
 

 •  the merger agreement;
 

 •  the annual report to stockholders and the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Cadence for the year ended December 31, 2017;
 

 •  Cadence’s Registration Statement on Form S-1, including the prospectus, dated November 9, 2017;
 

 •  annual reports to stockholders and Annual Reports on Form 10-K of State Bank for the five years ended December 31, 2017;
 

 •  certain interim reports to stockholders and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q of Cadence and State Bank;
 

 •  certain other communications from Cadence and State Bank to their respective stockholders;
 

 •  certain publicly available research analyst reports for Cadence and State Bank;
 

 •  certain internal financial analyses and forecasts for State Bank prepared by its management; and
 

 

•  certain internal financial analyses and forecasts for Cadence on a stand-alone basis, certain financial analyses and forecasts for State Bank,
and certain financial analyses and forecasts for Cadence on a pro forma basis giving effect to the proposed transaction, in each case as
prepared by the management of Cadence and approved for Goldman Sachs’ use by Cadence, which we refer to as the Forecasts, and certain
operating synergies and transaction adjustments projected by the management of Cadence to result from the proposed transaction, as
approved for Goldman Sachs’ use by Cadence, which we refer to as the Synergies.

Goldman Sachs also held discussions with members of the senior management of Cadence and State Bank regarding their assessment of the past and
current business operations, financial condition and future prospects of State Bank and with the members of senior management of Cadence regarding
their assessment of the past and current business operations, financial condition and future prospects of Cadence and the strategic rationale for, and the
potential benefits of, the proposed transaction; reviewed the reported price and trading activity for the Cadence Class A common stock and State Bank
common stock; compared certain financial and stock market information for Cadence and State Bank with similar information for certain other
companies the securities of which are publicly traded; reviewed the financial terms of certain recent business combinations in the banking industry; and
performed such other studies and analyses, and considered such other factors, as Goldman Sachs deemed appropriate.

For purposes of rendering its opinion, Goldman Sachs, with the consent of the board of directors of Cadence, relied upon and assumed the accuracy and
completeness of all of the financial, legal, regulatory, tax, accounting and other information provided to, discussed with or reviewed by, Goldman Sachs,
without assuming any responsibility for independent verification thereof. In that regard, Goldman Sachs assumed with the consent of the board of
directors of Cadence that the Forecasts and the Synergies were reasonably prepared on a basis reflecting the best currently available estimates and
judgments of the management of Cadence. Goldman Sachs did not review individual credit files or make an independent evaluation or appraisal of the
assets and liabilities (including any contingent, derivative or other off-balance-sheet assets and liabilities) of Cadence or State Bank or any of their
respective subsidiaries and Goldman Sachs was not furnished with any such evaluation or appraisal. Goldman Sachs is not an expert in the evaluation of
loan and lease portfolios for purposes of assessing the adequacy of the allowances for losses with respect thereto, and, accordingly, Goldman Sachs
assumed that such allowances were in the aggregate adequate to cover such losses. Goldman Sachs assumed that all governmental, regulatory or other
consents and approvals necessary for the consummation of the proposed transaction will be obtained without any adverse effect on Cadence or State
Bank or on the expected benefits of the proposed transaction in any way meaningful to Goldman Sachs’ analysis. Goldman Sachs assumed that the
proposed transaction will be consummated on the terms set forth in the merger agreement, without the waiver or modification of any term or condition
the effect of which would be in any way meaningful to its analysis.
 

56



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 65/178

Table of Contents

Goldman Sachs’ opinion did not address the underlying business decision of Cadence to engage in the proposed transaction, or the relative merits of the
proposed transaction as compared to any strategic alternatives that may be available to Cadence; nor did it address any legal, regulatory, tax or
accounting matters. Goldman Sachs’ opinion addressed only the fairness from a financial point of view, to Cadence, as of May 11, 2018, of the
exchange ratio pursuant to the merger agreement. The merger agreement provides that the Company may elect to increase the exchange ratio on the
terms set forth in section 8.1(h) of the merger agreement. Goldman did not express any opinion on any such increase or election. Goldman Sachs also
did not express any view on, and its opinion did not address, any other term or aspect of the merger agreement or the proposed transaction or any term or
aspect of any other agreement or instrument contemplated by the merger agreement or entered into or amended in connection with the proposed
transaction, including, the fairness of the proposed transaction to, or any consideration received in connection therewith by, the holders of any class of
securities, creditors, or other constituencies of Cadence; nor as to the fairness of the amount or nature of any compensation to be paid or payable to any
of the officers, directors or employees of Cadence or State Bank, or any class of such persons, in connection with the proposed transaction, whether
relative to the exchange ratio pursuant to the merger agreement or otherwise. Goldman Sachs did not express any opinion as to the prices at which the
Cadence Class A common stock will trade at any time or as to the impact of the proposed transaction on the solvency or viability of Cadence or State
Bank or the ability of Cadence or State Bank to pay their respective obligations when they come due. Goldman Sachs’ opinion was necessarily based on
economic, monetary, market and other conditions as in effect on, and the information made available to Goldman Sachs as of May 11, 2018, the date of
Goldman Sachs’ opinion, and Goldman Sachs assumed no responsibility for updating, revising or reaffirming its opinion based on circumstances,
developments or events occurring after May 11, 2018. Goldman Sachs’ advisory services and its opinion were provided for the information and
assistance of the Cadence board of directors in connection with its consideration of the proposed transaction and the opinion does not constitute a
recommendation as to how any holder of shares of Cadence Class A common stock should vote with respect to the proposed transaction or any other
matter. Goldman Sachs’ opinion was approved by a fairness committee of Goldman Sachs.

The following is a summary of the material financial analyses presented by Goldman Sachs to the Cadence board of directors in connection with
rendering the opinion described above. The following summary, however, does not purport to be a complete description of the financial analyses
performed by Goldman Sachs, nor does the order of analyses described represent relative importance or weight given to those analyses by Goldman
Sachs. Some of the summaries of the financial analyses include information presented in tabular format. The tables must be read together with the full
text of each summary and are alone not a complete description of Goldman Sachs’ financial analyses. Except as otherwise noted, the following
quantitative information, to the extent that it is based on market data, is based on market data as it existed on or before May 10, 2018, and is not
necessarily indicative of current market conditions.

Analysis of Implied Deal Premia and Multiples

Goldman Sachs calculated and compared certain premia and multiples using the closing price for shares of State Bank common stock on May 10, 2018,
the last trading day prior to the date upon which Goldman Sachs rendered its opinion to the Cadence board of directors, and the implied value of the
merger consideration to be paid by Cadence for each share of State Bank common stock pursuant to the merger agreement. For purposes of its analysis,
Goldman Sachs calculated an implied value for the merger consideration of $34.87 by multiplying the exchange ratio of 1.160 by $30.06, the closing
price for the shares of Cadence Class A common stock on May 10, 2018.

Goldman Sachs calculated and/or compared the following:
 

 
•  the closing share price of $33.13 for the State Bank common stock on May 10, 2018, relative to the State Bank share price on May 10, 2018,

the average trading price for the shares of State Bank common stock over the 30-day, 60-day and 90-day time periods ended May 10, 2018,
the high trading

 
57



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 66/178

Table of Contents

 
price for the shares of State Bank common stock over the 52-week period ended May 10, 2018, and the all-time high trading price for the
shares of State Bank common stock;

 

 •  the implied premia represented by the $34.87 implied value of the merger consideration relative to:
 

 •  the State Bank share price on May 10, 2018,
 

 
•  the average trading price for the shares of State Bank common stock over the 30-day, 60-day and 90-day time periods ended May 10,

2018,
 

 •  the high trading price for the shares of State Bank common stock over the 52-week period ended May 10, 2018, and
 

 •  the all-time high trading price for the shares of State Bank common stock;
 

 
•  the closing share price of $33.13 for the State Bank common stock on May 10, 2018, as a multiple of the estimated earnings per share, or

EPS, for 2018 and 2019 for State Bank, calculated using both the EPS estimates for State Bank reflected in the Forecasts and median EPS
estimates for State Bank published by Institutional Broker Estimate System, or “IBES”, as of May 10, 2018;

 

 
•  the $34.87 implied value of the merger consideration as a multiple of the price to estimated EPS for 2018 and 2019 for State Bank,

calculated using both the EPS estimates for State Bank reflected in the Forecasts and median EPS estimates for State Bank published by
IBES as of May 10, 2018;

 

 
•  the closing share price of $33.13 for the State Bank common stock on May 10, 2018 as a multiple of the tangible book value per share, or

“TBV per share,” for State Bank, as of March 31, 2018, using TBV per share information provided by management of State Bank; and
 

 •  the $34.87 implied value of the merger consideration as a multiple of TBV per share for State Bank as of March 31, 2018.

Premia
 

Difference/Implied Premium to
following prices for State Bank:   

State Bank May 10, 2018
Closing Price   

Implied Value of
Merger

Consideration  
May 10, 2018 Closing Price    —     5.3% 
30-Day Average Price    5.5%   11.1% 
60-Day Average Price    7.7%   13.4% 
90-Day Average Price    8.4%   14.0% 
52-Week High Price    —     5.3% 
All-Time High Price    —     5.3% 

Implied Multiples
 

 

  Management Forecasts    IBES Median Estimates  

  

State Bank
May 10, 2018
Closing Price   

Implied
Value of
Merger

Consideration   

State Bank
May 10, 2018
Closing Price   

Implied Value of
Merger

Consideration  
Price/2018E EPS    16.1x    17.0x    14.9x    15.7x 
Price/2019E EPS    14.2x    14.9x    13.9x    14.7x 

 

   

State Bank
May 10, 2018
Closing Price   

Implied
Value of
Merger

Consideration 
Price/ 3/31/18 TBV per share    2.3x    2.5x 

 
58



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 67/178

Table of Contents

Selected Companies Analyses for State Bank

Goldman Sachs reviewed and compared certain financial information for State Bank to corresponding financial information and public market multiples
for the eleven selected publicly traded companies in the banking industry listed below. Although none of the selected companies is directly comparable
to State Bank, the selected companies were chosen because they are publicly traded companies with operations that for purposes of analysis may be
considered similar to certain operations of State Bank.

For each of State Bank and the selected companies, Goldman Sachs calculated and compared its closing price per share as of May 10, 2018 as a multiple
of each of:
 

 •  estimated EPS for the next twelve months period, or the “NTM period,” ended March 31, 2019;
 

 •  estimated EPS for calendar year 2018 and 2019; and
 

 
•  its stated book value, or “SBV,” per share and TBV per share as of its most recently completed fiscal quarter for which SBV per share and

TBV per share information was publicly available as of May 10, 2018.

For purposes of its calculations, Goldman Sachs used NTM period, 2018 and 2019 EPS estimates for State Bank and the selected companies reflecting
the most recent median EPS estimates for such companies published by IBES as of May 10, 2018. For State Bank, Goldman Sachs also used the NTM
period, 2018 and 2019 EPS estimates reflected in the Forecasts as well as such estimates excluding excess purchase accounting accretion, or excess
PAA. Goldman Sachs used SBV per share and TBV per share information for State Bank and for the selected companies as publicly disclosed by each
company as of May 10, 2018.

The multiples calculated by Goldman Sachs for State Bank and the median of the multiples calculated by Goldman Sachs for the selected companies are
as follows:
 

Company   

Price/NTM
Period
EPS    

Price/2018E
EPS    

Price/2019E
EPS    

Price/SBV
per share    

Price/TBV per
share  

Ameris Bancorp    14.6x    15.8x    12.9x    2.0x    2.6x 
CenterState Bank Corporation    14.6x    15.2x    13.8x    1.8x    3.1x 
FCB Financial Holdings, Inc.    15.3x    16.3x    13.9x    2.1x    2.4x 
Home BancShares, Inc.    13.0x    13.4x    12.5x    1.8x    3.2x 
Fidelity Southern Corporation    13.5x    14.3x    12.4x    1.5x    1.6x 
Renasant Corporation    15.0x    16.0x    13.6x    1.5x    2.6x 
ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc.    16.7x    17.5x    15.6x    3.7x    3.8x 
Simmons First National Corporation    12.8x    13.2x    12.2x    1.4x    2.5x 
Synovus Financial Corp.    14.5x    15.1x    13.7x    2.3x    2.3x 
South State Corporation    14.6x    15.0x    14.2x    1.4x    2.6x 
United Community Banks, Inc.    14.2x    14.8x    13.2x    1.9x    2.6x 
Median    14.6x    15.1x    13.6x    1.8x    2.6x 

State Bank           
Management Forecasts    15.3x    16.1x    14.2x    2.0x    2.3x 
IBES Median Estimates    14.5x    14.9x    13.9x    —      —   
Management Forecasts (with EPS calculated excluding

excess PAA)    17.3x    18.5x    15.6x    —      —   

Based on the foregoing and its judgment and experience, Goldman Sachs applied indicative multiple ranges of Price/2019E EPS and Price/TBV per
share, to the estimated EPS for 2019 (calculated excluding excess PAA for State Bank) reflected in the Forecasts, and the TBV per share as of March 31,
2018 for State Bank as provided by State Bank management, to derive ranges of illustrative values per share of State Bank common stock. For
 

59



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 68/178

Table of Contents

purposes of calculating the ranges of illustrative values per share based on Price/2019E EPS multiple ranges, Goldman Sachs added $0.42 per share, the
present value per share Goldman Sachs calculated for the excess PAA applying a discount rate of 12.5%. The ranges of illustrative values per share of
State Bank common stock calculated by Goldman Sachs are set forth below:
 

   
Indicative

Multiple Range    

Range of Illustrative Values
per Share of State Bank

Common Stock  
Price/2019E EPS    12.5x - 14.5x   $ 27.01 - $31.26 
Price/TBV per share    2.4x - 2.8x   $ 33.96 - $39.62 

Goldman Sachs also performed a regression analysis using the Price/TBV per share multiples for the selected companies calculated by Goldman Sachs
as described above compared to the 2019 estimated return on average tangible common equity, or the “2019E ROATCE,” for the selected companies
using the median estimates for such companies published by IBES as of May 10, 2018 to derive a regression line reflecting a range of Price/TBV per
share multiples at a range of 2019E ROATCE. Goldman Sachs calculated that the closing price for the State Bank common stock on May 10, 2018
reflected a multiple (which we refer to as the market implied Price/TBV per share multiple) of approximately 2.3x the TBV per share as of March 31,
2018 for State Bank, as provided by State Bank management and observed the implied Price/TBV per share multiple of approximately 2.1x for State
Bank on this regression line (which we refer to as the regression implied Price/TBV per share multiple).

By applying implied Price/TBV per share multiples ranging from 2.0x (0.1x less than the regression implied Price/TBV per share multiple referenced
above), to 2.5x (approximately 0.1x more than the market implied Price/TBV per share multiple referenced above), to the TBV per share as of
March 31, 2018 for State Bank, as provided by State Bank management (and adding $0.42 per share, the present value per share Goldman Sachs
calculated for the excess PAA applying a discount rate of 12.5%), Goldman Sachs derived implied values per share of State Bank ranging from $28.66
to $34.69.

Selected Transactions Analyses

Goldman Sachs reviewed publicly available information relating to U.S. bank and thrift acquisition transactions announced since 2013 with transaction
values exceeding $200 million.

Goldman Sachs reviewed the premia paid in these transactions over the closing share prices of the target companies one trading day prior to the public
announcement of the relevant transactions based on information publicly available at that time.

Goldman Sachs observed that:
 

 
•  in such transactions announced prior to November 8, 2016, premiums in the 25th through 75th percentiles ranged from 8.9% to 30.0%, with

a median of 15.9%;
 

 
•  in such transactions announced after November 8, 2016, premiums in the 25th through 75th percentiles ranged from (2.7%) to 19.0%, with a

median of 10.2%; and
 

 •  in all such transactions, premiums in the 25th through 75th percentiles ranges from 7.6% to 29.1%, with a median of 15.5%.

Goldman Sachs also reviewed and compared certain publicly available information relating to U.S. bank acquisition transactions announced since 2015
with transaction values exceeding $500 million and involving target companies headquartered in the southeastern United States.

Goldman Sachs calculated and compared with respect to each of the selected transactions:
 

 
•  the premium paid in the transaction over the closing share price of the target company one trading day prior to the public announcement of

the transaction;
 

60



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 69/178

Table of Contents

 
•  the implied value of the consideration per target company share paid in the transaction as a multiple of the target company’s estimated EPS

for its first full fiscal year after the announcement of the applicable transaction, or “Price/FY + 1 EPS”; and
 

 
•  the implied value of the consideration per target company share paid in the transaction as a multiple of TBV per share, or “Price/TBV per

share,” of the target company as of the last full fiscal quarter prior to the announcement of the applicable transaction.

For purposes of its calculations, Goldman Sachs used estimates for EPS for each target company’s first full fiscal year after the announcement of the
applicable transaction reflecting the most recent median estimates for such company published by SNL Financial prior to the announcement of the
applicable transaction, and Goldman Sachs used TBV per share figures publicly disclosed for each target company for the last quarter end prior to the
announcement of the applicable transaction.

The median of the multiples calculated by Goldman Sachs for the selected transactions are listed below:
 
Announcement
Date                   Target  Acquirer  

Implied
Premium  

Price/FY+1
EPS   

Price/
TBV

per share 
July 26, 2017  USAmeriBancorp, Inc.  Valley National Bancorp   —     —     2.4x 
May 22, 2017  Xenith Bankshares, Inc.  Union Bankshares Corporation   10.4%   27.5x   1.6x 
May 4, 2017

 
Capital Bank Financial Corp.

 
First Horizon National
Corporation   (2.9%)   21.3x   2.0x 

April 27, 2017  Park Sterling Corporation  South State Corporation   2.8%   21.8x   2.4x 
March 27, 2017  Stonegate Bank  Home BancShares, Inc.   6.3%   19.7x   2.4x 
February 28, 2017  Sabadell United Bank, N.A.  IBERIABANK Corporation   —     —     2.0 
January 22, 2017  BNC Bancorp  Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc.  (0.2%)   18.3x   2.7x 
August 18, 2016  Cardinal Financial Corporation  United Bankshares, Inc.   1.7%   17.5x   2.2x 
August 8, 2016

 
EverBank Financial Corp.

 
Teachers Insurance and Annuity
Association of America   4.6%   14.3x   1.5x 

July 21, 2016  Yadkin Financial Corporation  F.N.B. Corporation   9.7%   14.2x   2.2x 
October 19, 2015

 
Community & Southern
Holdings, Inc.  Bank of the Ozarks, Inc.   —     —     2.0 

March 2, 2015  Square 1 Financial, Inc.  PacWest Bancorp   (0.7%)   22.0x   2.6x 
Median     2.8%   19.7x   2.2x 

Based on its review of the data summarized above and its judgment and experience, Goldman Sachs applied indicative ranges of One-Day Offer Premia,
Consideration/FY + 1 EPS and Consideration/TBV per share multiples indicated below to the closing share price of $33.13 for the State Bank common
stock on May 10, 2018, the last trading day prior to the date upon which Goldman Sachs rendered its opinion to the Cadence board of directors;
estimated EPS for 2018 for State Bank (calculated excluding excess PAA) as reflected in the Forecasts; and TBV per share of State Bank as of
March 31, 2018 as provided by management of State Bank to derive ranges of illustrative values per share State Bank common stock. For purposes of
calculating the range of illustrative values per share based on Price/FY + 1 EPS multiple range, Goldman Sachs added $0.42 per share, the present value
per share Goldman Sachs calculated for the excess PAA applying a discount rate of 12.5%.
 

61



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 70/178

Table of Contents

The indicative ranges of One-Day Offer Premia, Consideration/FY + 1 EPS and Consideration/TBV per share multiples, and the resulting ranges of
illustrative values per share of State Bank common stock calculated by Goldman Sachs, are set forth below:
 

   Indicative Range    
Range of Illustrative Values

per Share of State Bank  
One-Day Offer Premia    0% - 20%   $ 33.13 - $39.76 
Price/FY + 1 EPS    18.0x - 22.0x   $ 32.68 - $39.85 
Price/TBV per share    2.0x - 2.4x   $ 28.30 - $33.96 

Although none of the target companies in the selected transactions are directly comparable to State Bank and none of the selected transactions are
directly comparable to the proposed transaction, the selected transactions were chosen because the target companies were publicly traded companies
with operations that for purposes of analysis may be considered similar to certain operations of State Bank, and as such, for purposes of the analysis, the
selected transactions may be considered similar to the proposed transaction.

Illustrative Discounted Dividend Analyses for State Bank on a Stand-Alone Basis and taking into account Synergies

Using the Forecasts, Goldman Sachs performed an illustrative discounted dividend analyses on State Bank, both on a stand-alone basis and taking into
account Synergies, to derive a range of illustrative present values per share of the State Bank common stock both on a stand-alone basis and taking into
account Synergies.

Using discount rates ranging from 11.5% to 13.5%, reflecting estimates of the cost of equity for State Bank, Goldman Sachs derived a range of
illustrative equity values for State Bank both on a stand-alone basis and taking into account Synergies by discounting to present value as of March 31,
2018, (a) distributions to State Bank’s shareholders over the period beginning March 31, 2018 through the year ending December 31, 2022, based on the
Forecasts on a stand-alone basis and the Forecasts taking into account Synergies, respectively, and State Bank maintaining a common equity tier 1 ratio,
or CET1 Ratio, of 9.0%, as instructed by Cadence management, and (b) a range of illustrative terminal values for State Bank as of December 31, 2023,
calculated by applying illustrative price to EPS multiples ranging from 13.5x to 15.5x to the estimate of State Bank’s net income on a stand-alone basis
for the year ending December 31, 2023, as reflected in the Forecasts and with Synergies valued by applying a perpetuity growth rate of 3%, to the
estimated 2023 Synergies. Goldman Sachs derived the range of discount rates by application of the capital asset pricing model, which requires certain
company-specific inputs, including a beta for the company, as well as certain financial metrics for the United States financial markets generally. To
derive illustrative terminal values for State Bank, Goldman Sachs applied illustrative price to EPS multiples based on its professional judgment and
experience and the multiples it calculated as described above under “Selected Companies Analyses for State Bank.”

Goldman Sachs divided the range of illustrative equity values it derived for State Bank by the total number of fully diluted shares of State Bank
common stock outstanding as provided by State Bank management to derive illustrative present values per share of common stock of State Bank on a
stand-alone basis ranging from $33.43 to $39.23 based on the Forecasts, and from $40.37 to $48.18 based on the Forecasts taking into account
Synergies.

Selected Companies Analyses for Cadence

Goldman Sachs reviewed and compared certain financial information for Cadence to corresponding financial information and public market multiples
for eight selected publicly traded companies in the banking industry headquartered in Texas listed below, which we refer to as the Texas selected
companies, and to thirteen selected publicly traded companies in the banking industry headquartered in the southeastern United States, which we refer to
as the southeastern selected companies. Although none of the selected companies is directly comparable to Cadence, the selected companies were
chosen because they are publicly traded companies with operations that for purposes of analysis may be considered similar to certain operations of
Cadence.
 

62



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 71/178

Table of Contents

For each of Cadence and the selected companies, Goldman Sachs calculated and compared its closing price per share as of May 10, 2018 as a multiple
of each of:
 

 •  estimated EPS for the NTM period ended March 31, 2019;
 

 •  estimated EPS calendar year 2018 and 2019; and
 

 
•  its SBV per share and TBV per share as of its most recently completed fiscal quarter for which SBV per share and TBV per share

information was publicly available as of May 10, 2018.

For purposes of its calculations, Goldman Sachs used NTM period, 2018 and 2019 EPS estimates for Cadence and the selected companies reflecting the
most recent median EPS estimates for such companies published by IBES as of May 10, 2018. For Cadence, Goldman Sachs also used the NTM period,
2018 and 2019 EPS estimates reflected in the Forecasts. Goldman Sachs used SBV per share and TBV per share information for Cadence and for the
selected companies and Cadence as publicly disclosed by each company as of May 10, 2018.

The multiples calculated by Goldman Sachs for Cadence and the median of the multiples calculated by Goldman Sachs for the selected companies are as
follows:
 
Company   

Price/NTM
Period EPS  

Price/2018E
EPS   

Price/2019E
EPS   

Price/SBV
per share   

Price/TBV
per share

Texas Selected Companies
Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc.   17.2x   17.7x   16.4x   2.4x   3.1x
Green Bancorp, Inc.   12.8x   13.7x   11.7x   1.8x   2.3x
Hilltop Holdings Inc.   12.7x   13.6x   11.4x   1.1x   1.3x
Independent Bank Group, Inc.   15.3x   16.2x   14.0x   1.6x   3.2x
LegacyTexas Financial Group, Inc.   14.5x   15.5x   13.1x   2.2x   2.6x
Prosperity Bancshares   15.6x   16.2x   14.8x   1.4x   2.7x
Southside Bancshares Inc.   13.8x   14.4x   13.1x   1.6x   2.2x
Texas Capital Bancshares, Inc.   15.9x   16.6x   15.0x   2.4x   2.4x
Median   14.9x   15.8x   13.5x   1.7x   2.5x

Southeastern Selected Companies           
BancorpSouth Bank   14.6x   15.0x   13.9x   1.7x   2.4x
Bank of the Ozarks   12.3x   13.0x   11.2x   1.8x   2.2x
BankUnited, Inc.   12.7x   12.4x   13.0x   1.4x   1.5x
BOK Financial Corporation   15.2x   15.4x   14.9x   1.9x   2.2x
FCB Financial Holdings, Inc.   15.3x   16.3x   13.9x   2.1x   2.4x
First Horizon National Corporation   12.1x   12.8x   11.1x   1.5x   2.4x
Hancock Holding Company   13.0x   13.4x   12.4x   1.5x   2.1x
IBERIABANK Corporation   11.7x   12.3x   10.9x   1.2x   1.8x
Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc.   13.3x   13.8x   12.6x   1.4x   2.7x
Renasant Corporation   15.0x   16.0x   13.6x   1.5x   2.6x
Simmons First National Corporation   12.8x   13.2x   12.2x   1.4x   2.5x
Trustmark Corporation   14.5x   14.8x   14.1x   1.4x   1.9x
United Community Banks, Inc.   14.2x   14.8x   13.2x   1.9x   2.6x
Median   13.3x   13.8x   13.0x   1.5x   2.4x

All Selected Companies Median   14.2x   14.8x   13.1x   1.6x   2.4x

Cadence (Management Forecasts)   14.7x   15.3x   13.9x   1.9x   2.4x
Cadence (IBES Median Estimates)   14.4x   14.9x   13.7x   —    —  

Based on the foregoing and its judgment and experience, Goldman Sachs applied an indicative multiple range of 11.5x to 13.5x to the estimated EPS for
2020, for Cadence reflected in the Forecasts on a stand-alone basis, and
 

63



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 72/178

Table of Contents

reflected in the Forecasts, taking into account the Synergies, on a pro-forma basis, to derive ranges of illustrative values per share of Cadence Class A
common stock on a stand-alone basis and on a pro-forma basis as listed below:
 

   

Range of Illustrative Values
per Share of State Bank

Common Stock  
Stand-Alone   $ 27.83 - $32.67   
Pro-Forma   $ 29.53 - $34.66   

Illustrative Present Value of Future Stock Price Analyses for Cadence

Goldman Sachs performed an illustrative analysis of the implied present value of the future value per share of shares of Cadence Class A common stock
on a stand-alone basis and on a pro-forma basis giving effect to the proposed transaction.

Goldman Sachs derived a range of theoretical future values per share for the shares of Cadence Class A common stock on a stand-alone basis as of
December 31, 2019 and 2020 by applying illustrative price to EPS multiples of 13.5x and 15.5x to the estimates of Cadence’s EPS for the fiscal years
ending December 31, 2020 and 2021, respectively, reflected in the Forecasts. By applying a discount rate of 12.5 %, reflecting an estimate of Cadence’s
cost of equity on a stand-alone basis, Goldman Sachs discounted to present value as of March 31, 2018 the theoretical future values per share it derived
for Cadence on a stand-alone basis and the estimated dividends to be paid per common share of Cadence on a stand-alone basis through the end of the
applicable year as reflected in the Forecasts to yield illustrative present values per common share of Cadence on a stand-alone basis ranging from $27.62
to $31.95.

Goldman Sachs also derived a range of theoretical future values per share for the shares of Cadence Class A common stock on a pro-forma basis (giving
effect to the proposed transaction) as of December 31, 2019 and 2020 by applying illustrative price to EPS multiples of 13.5x and 15.5x to the estimates
of Cadence’s EPS for the fiscal years ending December 31, 2020 and 2021, respectively, reflected in the Forecasts taking into account Synergies. By
applying a discount rate of 12.5%, reflecting an estimate of Cadence’s cost of equity on a pro-forma basis (based on the estimated cost of equity for each
of State Bank and Candace on a stand-alone basis blended based on their respective net income contributions to the pro-forma company), Goldman
Sachs discounted to present value as of March 31, 2018 both the theoretical future values per share it derived for Cadence on a pro-forma basis and the
estimated dividends to be paid per common share of Cadence on a pro-forma basis through the end of the applicable year as reflected in the Forecasts to
yield illustrative present values per common share of Cadence on a pro-forma basis ranging from $29.06 to $33.56.

These illustrative price to EPS multiples used in these analyses were selected by Goldman Sachs based on its professional judgment and experience and
its review of the calculations summarized above under “—Selected Companies Analyses for State Bank” and “ —Selected Companies Analyses for
Cadence,” Goldman Sachs derived the discount rates it applied in these analyses by application of the capital asset pricing model, which requires certain
company-specific inputs, including a beta for the company, as well as certain financial metrics for the United States financial markets generally.

Regression Analysis for Cadence

Goldman Sachs performed a regression analysis using the Price/TBV per share multiples for the selected companies calculated by Goldman Sachs as
summarized under “—Selected Companies Analyses for Cadence” above compared to the estimated return on average tangible common equity for fiscal
year 2019, or the “FY2 ROATCE,” for the selected companies using the median estimates for such companies published by IBES as of May 10, 2018, to
derive a regression line reflecting a range of Price/TBV per share multiples at a range of FY2 ROATCEs for the selected companies. Goldman Sachs
calculated that the closing price for the Cadence Class A
 

64



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 73/178

Table of Contents

common stock on May 10, 2018 reflected a multiple of 2.4x the TBV per share as of March 31, 2018 for Cadence, as provided by Cadence
management, reflecting an implied premium of 4.3% to the implied Price/TBV per share multiple of 2.3x for Cadence on this regression line.

Goldman Sachs observed that the FY 2020E ROATCE for Cadence on a stand-alone basis as reflected in the Forecasts corresponded to an implied
Price/TBV per share multiple of 2.3x on the regression line (which we refer to as the 2020E ROATCE regression implied stand-alone Price/TBV per
share multiple) and calculated a 2.4x implied price/TBV multiple (which we refer to as the 2020E ROATCE implied market stand-alone Price/TBV per
share multiple) by applying a 4.3% illustrative premium to the 2020E ROATCE regression implied stand-alone Price/TBV per share multiple. Goldman
Sachs then applied implied Price/TBV per share multiples ranging from 2.2x (0.1x less than the 2020E ROATCE regression implied stand-alone
Price/TBV per share multiple), to 2.5x (0.1x more than the 2020E ROATCE implied market stand-alone Price/TBV per share multiple), to the TBV per
share as of December 31, 2018 for Cadence on a stand-alone basis as reflected in the Forecasts, and discounting the results to present value as of
March 31, 2018, using a discount rate of 12.5%, reflecting an estimate of Cadence’s cost of equity on a stand-alone basis, to derive regression implied
present values per share of common stock of Cadence on a stand-alone basis ranging from $27.42 to $31.36.

Goldman Sachs observed that the FY 2020E ROATCE for Cadence on a pro-forma basis as reflected in the Forecasts, taking into account Synergies,
corresponded to an implied Price/TBV per share multiple of 2.6x on the regression line (which we refer to as the 2020E ROATCE regression implied
pro-forma Price/TBV per share multiple) and calculated a 2.7x implied price/TBV multiple (which we refer to as the 2020E ROATCE implied market
pro-forma Price/TBV per share multiple) by applying a 4.3% illustrative premium to the 2020E ROATCE regression implied pro-forma Price/TBV per
share multiple. By applying implied Price/TBV per share multiples ranging from 2.5x (0.1x less than the 2020E ROATCE regression implied pro-forma
Price/TBV per share multiple), to 2.8x (0.1x more than the 2020E ROATCE implied market pro-forma Price/TBV per share multiple), to the TBV per
share as of December 31, 2018 for Cadence on a pro-forma basis as reflected in the Forecasts, taking into account Synergies, and discounting the results
to present value as of March 31, 2018, using a discount rate of 12.5%, reflecting an estimate of Cadence’s cost of equity on a pro-forma basis, Goldman
Sachs derived regression implied present values per share of common stock of Cadence on a pro-forma basis ranging from $28.99 to $32.89.

Illustrative Discounted Dividend Analyses for Cadence

Using the Forecasts, Goldman Sachs performed illustrative discounted dividend analyses on Cadence, both on a stand-alone basis and on a pro-forma
basis giving effect to the proposed transaction, to derive ranges of illustrative present values per share of Cadence Class A common stock on both stand-
alone and pro-forma bases.

Using discount rates ranging from 11.5% to 13.5%, reflecting estimates of the cost of equity for Cadence on a stand-alone basis, Goldman Sachs derived
a range of illustrative equity values for Cadence on a stand-alone basis by discounting to present value as of March 31, 2018, (a) distributions to
Cadence’s stockholders over the period beginning March 31, 2018 through December 31, 2022, based on the Forecasts, and Cadence maintaining CET1
Ratios of 9.0%, as instructed by Cadence’s management and (b) a range of illustrative terminal values for Cadence on a stand-alone basis as of
December 31, 2022, calculated by applying illustrative price to EPS multiples ranging from 13.5x to 15.5x to the estimate of Cadence’s net income on a
stand-alone basis for its fiscal year ending December 31, 2023, as reflected in the Forecasts. Goldman Sachs then divided the range of illustrative equity
values it derived for Cadence on a stand-alone basis by the total number of fully diluted shares of Cadence Class A common stock outstanding as
provided by Cadence management to derive illustrative present values per share of Cadence Class A common stock on a stand-alone basis ranging from
$29.76 to $35.64.

Using discount rates ranging from 11.5% to 13.5%, reflecting estimates of the cost of equity for Cadence on a pro-forma basis giving effect to the
proposed transaction, Goldman Sachs derived a range of illustrative equity
 

65



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 74/178

Table of Contents

values for Cadence on a pro-forma basis by discounting to present value as of March 31, 2018, (a) distributions to Cadence stockholders over the period
beginning March 31, 2018 through December 31, 2018, based on the Forecasts on a stand-alone basis and from January 1, 2019 through December 31,
2022 based on the Forecasts taking into account Synergies, and based on Cadence maintaining CET1 Ratios ranging 9.0%, as instructed by Cadence’s
management, and (b) a range of illustrative terminal values for Cadence on a pro-forma basis as of December 31, 2022, calculated by applying
illustrative price to EPS multiples ranging from 13.5x to 15.5x to the estimate of Cadence’s net income on a pro-forma basis for the year ending
December 31, 2023, as reflected in the Forecasts and taking into account the Synergies. Goldman Sachs then divided the range of illustrative equity
values it derived for Cadence on a pro-forma basis by the total number of fully diluted shares of Cadence Class A common stock outstanding, increased
by the number of shares of Cadence Class A common stock anticipated to be issued in the proposed transaction, as provided by Cadence management, to
derive illustrative present values per share of common stock of Cadence on a pro-forma basis ranging from $31.06 to $37.26.

Goldman Sachs derived the range of discount rates by application of the capital asset pricing model, which requires certain company-specific inputs,
including a beta for the company, as well as certain financial metrics for the United States financial markets generally. To derive illustrative terminal
values for Cadence, Goldman Sachs applied illustrative price to EPS multiples based on its professional judgment and experience and the multiples it
calculated as described above under “Selected Companies Analyses for Cadence.”

General

The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process and is not necessarily susceptible to partial analysis or summary description. Selecting
portions of the analyses or of the summary set forth above, without considering the analyses as a whole, could create an incomplete view of the
processes underlying Goldman Sachs’ opinion. In arriving at its fairness determination, Goldman Sachs considered the results of all of its analyses and
did not attribute any particular weight to any factor or analysis considered by it. Rather, Goldman Sachs made its determination as to fairness on the
basis of its experience and professional judgment after considering the results of all of its analyses. No company or transaction used in the above
analyses as a comparison is directly comparable to Cadence or State Bank or the proposed transaction.

Goldman Sachs prepared these analyses for purposes of providing its opinion to the Cadence board of directors that, as of the date of the opinion, the
exchange ratio was fair from a financial point of view to Cadence. These analyses do not purport to be appraisals nor do they necessarily reflect the
prices at which businesses or securities actually may be sold. Analyses based upon projections of future results are not necessarily indicative of actual
future results, which may be significantly more or less favorable than suggested by these analyses. Because these analyses are inherently subject to
uncertainty, being based upon numerous factors or events beyond the control of the parties or their respective advisors, none of Cadence, Goldman
Sachs or any other person assumes responsibility if future results are materially different from those forecast.

The exchange ratio and the resulting merger consideration to be paid by Cadence for each share of State Bank common stock pursuant to the merger
agreement was determined through arm’s-length negotiations between Cadence and State Bank and was approved by the Cadence board of directors.
Goldman Sachs provided advice to Cadence during these negotiations. Goldman Sachs did not, however, recommend any specific exchange ratio or
amount of consideration to Cadence or that any specific exchange ratio or amount of consideration constituted the only appropriate consideration for the
proposed transaction.

As described above, Goldman Sachs’ opinion was one of many factors taken into consideration by the Cadence board of directors in considering the
proposed transaction. The foregoing summary does not purport to be a complete description of the analyses performed by Goldman Sachs in connection
with the delivery of its fairness opinion to the Cadence board of directors and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the written opinion of Goldman
Sachs attached as Annex B to this document.
 

66



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 75/178

Table of Contents

Goldman Sachs and its affiliates are engaged in advisory, underwriting and financing, principal investing, sales and trading, research, investment
management and other financial and non-financial activities and services for various persons and entities. Goldman Sachs and its affiliates and
employees, and funds or other entities they manage or in which they invest or have other economic interests or with which they co-invest, may at any
time purchase, sell, hold or vote long or short positions and investments in securities, derivatives, loans, commodities, currencies, credit default swaps
and other financial instruments of Cadence, State Bank and any of their respective affiliates and third parties, including Cadence Bancorp, LLC, a
significant stockholder of Cadence, or any currency or commodity that may be involved in the proposed transaction. Goldman Sachs acted as financial
advisor to Cadence in connection with, and have participated in certain of the negotiations leading to, the proposed transaction. Goldman Sachs provided
certain financial advisory and/or underwriting services to the Cadence and/or its affiliates from time to time for which its Investment Banking Division
has received, and may receive, compensation, including having acted as joint lead book-running manager in connection with Cadence’s initial public
offering of 8,625,000 shares of Cadence Class A common stock in April 2017. During the two year period ended May 11, 2018, Goldman Sachs has
recognized compensation for financial advisory and/or underwriting services provided by its Investment Banking Division to Cadence and/or its
affiliates of approximately $3.5 million. Goldman Sachs also provided certain financial advisory and/or underwriting services to Cadence Bancorp, LLC
and/or its affiliates from time to time for which its Investment Banking Division has received, and may receive, compensation, including having acted as
joint lead book-running manager in connection with a public offering by Cadence Bancorp, LLC of 10,925,000 shares of Cadence Class A common
stock in November 2017; and as joint lead book-running manager in connection with a public offering by Cadence Bancorp, LLC of 9,200,000 shares of
Cadence Class A common stock in February 2018. In addition, since May 11, 2018, Goldman Sachs has provided certain financial advisory and/or
underwriting services to Candence Bancorp, LLC and/or its affiliates from time to time for which its Investment Banking Division has received, and
may receive, compensation, including having acted as joint lead book-running manager in connection with a public offering by Cadence Bancorp, LLC
of 20,700,000 shares of Cadence Class A common stock in May 2018. During the two year period ended May 11, 2018, Goldman Sachs has recognized
compensation for financial advisory and/or underwriting services provided by its Investment Banking Division to Cadence LLC and/or its affiliates of
approximately $6.2 million. During the two year period ended May 11, 2018, Goldman Sachs recognized no compensation for financial advisory and/or
underwriting services provided by its Investment Banking Division to State Bank and/or its affiliates. Goldman Sachs may also in the future provide
financial advisory and/or underwriting services to Cadence, State Bank, Cadence LLC and their respective affiliates for which its Investment Banking
Division may receive compensation.

Cadence selected Goldman Sachs as its financial advisor because it is an internationally recognized investment banking firm that has substantial
experience in transactions similar to the proposed transaction. Pursuant to an engagement letter between Cadence and Goldman Sachs, Cadence has
agreed to pay Goldman Sachs a transaction fee of $6.0 million, $500,000 of which was paid at the announcement of the proposed transaction, and the
remainder of which is contingent upon consummation of the proposed transaction. In addition, Cadence agreed to reimburse Goldman Sachs for certain
of its expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and disbursements, and to indemnify Goldman Sachs and related persons against various liabilities,
including certain liabilities under the federal securities laws.

State Bank’s Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of the State Bank Board of Directors

In reaching its decision to adopt the merger agreement and recommend that State Bank shareholders approve the merger agreement, in addition to
relying on personal knowledge of State Bank, Cadence and the banking industry, the State Bank board of directors evaluated the merger and merger
agreement in consultation with State Bank’s senior management and outside financial and legal advisors and reviewed various financial data and due
diligence information. After such consultation and review, and after considering State Bank’s future prospects as an independent company and its
strategic alternatives, the State Bank board of directors concluded that the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the
merger, were fair to and in the best interests of State Bank and its shareholders.
 

67



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 76/178

Table of Contents

In evaluating the merger agreement and reaching its decision to adopt the merger agreement and recommend that State Bank shareholders approve
the merger agreement, the State Bank board of directors considered a number of factors, including the following, which are not intended to be
exhaustive and are not presented in any relative order of importance:
 

 
•  the belief that the merger will create, and enable State Bank shareholders to become shareholders of, a leading banking franchise in the

Southern United States;
 

 •  the anticipated earnings per share accretion for State Bank shareholders as a result of the merger;
 

 

•  the resolution of several challenges currently facing State Bank, including succession planning matters as a result of Cadence’s strong
management team, continuing the pace of State Bank’s historical organic growth particularly in light of State Bank’s approaching regulatory
limitations on commercial real estate loans, and reliance on real estate lending as a result of the addition of Cadence’s middle market C&I
lending expertise;

 

 
•  the current and prospective business and economic environment of the markets in which State Bank operates, including consolidation in the

banking industry, a declining number of opportunities for troubled bank acquisitions and the level of pricing for healthy bank acquisitions;
 

 •  the regulatory burdens on financial institutions and the increased regulatory costs associated with having more than $10 billion in assets;
 

 •  the anticipated core net interest margin pressure as accretable yield from legacy purchased loans diminishes;
 

 
•  the business, earnings, operations, financial condition, stock price performance, management, prospects, capital levels and credit quality of

both State Bank and Cadence, taking into account the results of State Bank’s due diligence of Cadence;
 

 
•  the overall greater scale that would be achieved by the merger, which positions State Bank to efficiently cross the $10 billion asset threshold

and operate efficiently, thereby facilitating continued growth and profitability;
 

 
•  the State Bank board of directors’ views with respect to other potential strategic alternatives, including remaining independent, making

acquisitions, pursuing other similarly-sized merger partners and pursuing larger merger partners;
 

 

•  the State Bank board of directors’ views with respect to the value of the merger consideration to State Bank’s shareholders, including that
Cadence had the highest offer which had resulted from a competitive process and the implied net present value of the merger consideration
compared to the implied net present value of State Bank’s common stock if State Bank were to remain an independent company and as
compared to recent State Bank share trading prices;

 

 •  the fact that State Bank shareholders would own approximately 35% of the combined company;
 

 
•  the fact that three of the directors of the combined company would be current State Bank directors (including Mr. Evans as Vice Chairman

of the Cadence board of directors and Mr. Wiley as Chairman of the Cadence Bank board of directors);
 

 

•  the results of State Bank’s exploration of possible merger partners other than Cadence, the State Bank board of directors’ views based on
years of strategic combination discussions and evaluations, with respect to the likelihood of any such other merger occurring and providing
greater value to State Bank shareholders, and the ability of the combined company to explore potential merger opportunities and for current
State Bank shareholders, as Cadence shareholders following the merger of State Bank with Cadence, to participate in the financial benefits
of any such combined company;

 

 
•  the geographical diversity of the combined company, including State Bank entering the Texas market and Cadence entering the Atlanta

market;
 

68



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 77/178

Table of Contents

 
•  the views of the State Bank board of directors with respect to the complementary aspects of the businesses of State Bank and Cadence,

business lines and compatibility of management philosophies with respect to credit quality, and operating performance and expenses, which
the State Bank board of directors believes should facilitate integration and enhance the likelihood of successful post-merger operations;

 

 
•  the views of the State Bank board of directors that both parties have comparable reputations in their respective markets for a strong

corporate culture which should enable Cadence’s and State Bank’s management teams to successfully integrate and operate the business of
the combined company after the merger;

 

 
•  the potential revenue synergy opportunities resulting from the merger, including opportunities to cross-sell expanded products and services

to a larger combined customer base and to larger customers;
 

 
•  the potential cost-saving opportunities resulting from the merger which were estimated to be approximately $43.8 million per year, with

75% of these savings expected to be achieved in the first year after the merger and the full amount to be achieved in subsequent years;
 

 
•  the State Bank board of directors’ understanding of Cadence’s commitment to its strategic position in the Southern United States, and the

State Bank board of directors’ views as to the potential of the combined company to serve, and to compete effectively in, its markets;
 

 
•  Cadence’s historical performance and asset quality, and the views of the State Bank board of directors as to the stability of the combined

company’s business and earnings in varying economic and market climates, especially given the diversification of a combined loan
portfolio;

 

 
•  the views of the State Bank board of directors as to the likelihood that the regulatory approvals necessary to complete the merger would be

obtained;
 

 
•  the views of the State Bank board of directors as to the potential pro-forma impact of the merger on the future profitability and earnings per

share of Cadence and the potential impact of such factors on Cadence’s stock price;
 

 
•  the potential increased demand among index funds and other large investors for the stock of the combined company and the potential for

stock price appreciation as a result;
 

 

•  the financial presentations on May 11, 2018 of Raymond James and Sandler O’Neill (and, with respect to the Independent Directors
Committee of the State Bank board of directors, of FIG Partners) to the State Bank board of directors and opinions, dated May 11, 2018, of
Raymond James and Sandler O’Neill (and, with respect to the Independent Directors Committee of the State Bank board of directors, of FIG
Partners) to the State Bank board of directors as to the fairness, from a financial point of view and as of the date of the opinions, to the
holders of State Bank common stock of the exchange ratio in the proposed merger, as more fully described below under “Opinion of
Raymond James & Associates, Inc.”, “Opinion of Sandler O’Neill & Partners, L.P.” and “Opinion of FIG Partners, LLC”; and

 

 
•  the terms of the merger agreement, including the tax treatment and transaction protection provisions provided by the merger agreement,

including:
 

 
•  the ability of State Bank to terminate the merger agreement in the event that the trading price of Cadence Class A common stock

declines by more than 15% and underperforms a bank stock index by more than 15% (subject to the right of Cadence to increase the
exchange ratio to prevent those thresholds from being triggered); and

 

 

•  the ability of the State Bank board of directors to terminate the merger agreement in order to enter into a definitive agreement with
respect to a superior proposal if the approval of the merger agreement by State Bank’s shareholders is not obtained (subject to
payment of a $37.5 million termination fee, which termination fee was lower, as a percentage of transaction value, than the average
termination fee in selected transactions reviewed by the State Bank board of directors).

 
69



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 78/178

Table of Contents

The State Bank board of directors also considered a variety of risks and other potentially negative factors concerning the merger, including the
following, which are not intended to be exhaustive and are not presented in any relative order of importance:
 

 
•  that the exchange ratio for the stock portion of the merger consideration is fixed, so that if the market price of Cadence Class A common

stock is lower at the time of the closing of the merger, the economic value of the per share merger consideration to be received by State
Bank’s shareholders in exchange for their shares of State Bank common stock will also be lower;

 

 
•  the possibility that the merger and the related integration process could result in the loss of key employees, in the disruption of State Bank’s

ongoing business and in the loss of customers for the combined company;
 

 
•  there can be no assurance that all conditions to the parties’ obligations to complete the merger will be satisfied, including the risk that certain

regulatory approvals, the receipt of which is a condition to the consummation of the merger, might not be obtained, and, as a result, that the
merger might not be consummated;

 

 
•  the fact that State Bank’s officers and employees would have to focus on actions required to complete the merger, which would divert their

attention from State Bank’s day-to-day business, and that State Bank will incur substantial transaction costs even if the merger is not
consummated;

 

 
•  the risk that potential benefits and synergies sought in the merger might not be realized or might not be realized within the expected time

period, and the risks associated with the integration of the two companies;
 

 

•  the restrictions on the conduct of State Bank’s business prior to the completion of the merger, which are customary for public company
merger agreements involving financial institutions, but which, subject to specific exceptions, could delay or prevent State Bank from
undertaking business opportunities that might arise or any other action it would otherwise take with respect to the operations of State Bank
absent the pending completion of the merger;

 

 

•  the significant risks and costs involved in connection with entering into the merger agreement and completing the merger, or failing to
complete the merger in a timely manner, or at all, including as a result of any failure to obtain required regulatory approvals, such as the
risks and costs relating to diversion of management and employee attention from other strategic opportunities and operational matters,
potential employee attrition, and the potential effect on business and customer relationships;

 

 •  the fact that shareholder litigation is common in connection with public company mergers;
 

 

•  the fact that State Bank would be prohibited from affirmatively soliciting acquisition proposals after execution of the merger agreement, and
the possibility that, while it may not be viewed as precluding other proposals, the $37.5 million termination fee payable by State Bank upon
the termination of the merger agreement under certain circumstances could potentially dampen the interest of other potential acquirers in
making a competing offer to acquire State Bank; and

 

 •  the fact that State Bank shareholders would not be entitled to dissenters’ rights in connection with the merger.

In addition, the State Bank board of directors was aware of and considered the fact that some of State Bank’s directors and executive officers may
have other interests in the merger that may be different from, or in addition to, their interests as State Bank shareholders, as more fully described under
“—Interests of State Bank’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger” (to the extent such interests existed at that time). The State Bank board of
directors also realized that there can be no assurance about future results, including results expected or considered in the factors listed above. However,
the board of directors concluded that the potential positive factors outweighed the risks and other potentially negative factors associated with the merger.
 

70



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 79/178

Table of Contents

In reaching its conclusion, the State Bank board of directors did not find it practical to assign, and did not assign, any relative or specific weight to
the different factors that were considered, and individual members of the State Bank board of directors may have given different weight to different
factors. It should be noted that the explanation of the reasoning of the State Bank board of directors and certain information presented in this section are
forward-looking in nature and should be read in light of the factors set forth in the section entitled “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements.”

Unaudited Prospective Financial Information of State Bank

State Bank does not as a matter of course make public projections as to future performance, revenues, earnings or other financial results given,
among other reasons, the uncertainty of realizing the underlying assumptions and estimates. However, State Bank is including in this joint
information statement/proxy statement and prospectus certain unaudited prospective financial information that was provided to the State Bank
board of directors in connection with its evaluation of the merger. Unaudited prospective financial information relating to State Bank was also
provided to each of Raymond James, Sandler O’Neill and FIG Partners, financial advisors to State Bank. The inclusion of this information
should not be regarded as an indication that any of Cadence, State Bank, their respective affiliates, officers, directors, advisors or other
representatives or any other recipient of this information considered, or now considers, it necessarily to be predictive of actual future results, or
that it should be construed as financial guidance, and it should not be relied on as such. This information was prepared solely for internal use
and is subjective in many respects.

While presented with numeric specificity, the unaudited prospective financial information reflects numerous estimates and assumptions made with
respect to business, economic, market, competition, regulatory and financial conditions and matters specific to State Bank’s business, all of which are
difficult to predict and many of which are beyond State Bank’s control. The unaudited prospective financial information reflects both assumptions as to
certain business decisions that are subject to change and, in many respects, subjective judgment, and thus is susceptible to multiple interpretations and
periodic revisions based on actual experience and business developments. State Bank can give no assurance that the unaudited prospective financial
information and the underlying estimates and assumptions will be realized. In addition, since the unaudited prospective financial information covers
multiple years, such information by its nature becomes less predictive with each successive year.

Actual results may differ materially from those set forth below, and important factors that may affect actual results and cause the unaudited prospective
financial information not to be realized include, but are not limited to, risks and uncertainties relating to State Bank’s business, industry performance,
general business and economic conditions, customer requirements, competition and adverse changes in applicable laws, regulations or rules. For other
factors that could cause actual results to differ, please see the sections entitled “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements” in this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus and in State Bank’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2017 and the other reports filed by State Bank with the SEC.

The unaudited prospective financial information does not take into account any circumstances or events occurring after the date it was prepared. State
Bank can give no assurance that, had the unaudited prospective financial information been prepared as of the date of this joint information
statement/proxy statement and prospectus, similar estimates and assumptions would be used. STATE BANK DOES NOT INTEND TO, AND
DISCLAIMS ANY OBLIGATION TO, MAKE PUBLICLY AVAILABLE ANY UPDATE OR OTHER REVISION TO THE UNAUDITED
PROSPECTIVE FINANCIAL INFORMATION TO REFLECT CIRCUMSTANCES EXISTING SINCE ITS PREPARATION OR TO REFLECT THE
OCCURRENCE OF UNANTICIPATED EVENTS, EVEN IN THE EVENT THAT ANY OR ALL OF THE ASSUMPTIONS UNDERLYING THE
UNAUDITED PROSPECTIVE FINANCIAL INFORMATION ARE NOT REALIZED, OR TO REFLECT CHANGES IN GENERAL ECONOMIC
OR INDUSTRY CONDITIONS, EXCEPT AS
 

71



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 80/178

Table of Contents

MAY BE REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW. The unaudited prospective financial information does not take into account the possible financial and
other effects on State Bank of the merger and does not attempt to predict or suggest future results of the combined company. The unaudited prospective
financial information does not give effect to the merger, including the impact of negotiating or executing the merger agreement, the expenses that may
be incurred in connection with consummating the merger, potential synergies that may be achieved by the combined company as a result of the merger
or the effect of any business or strategic decisions or actions which would likely have been taken if the merger agreement had not been executed, but
which were instead altered, accelerated, postponed or not taken in anticipation of the merger. Further, the unaudited prospective financial information
does not take into account the effect on State Bank of any possible failure of the merger to occur. None of Cadence, State Bank or their respective
affiliates, officers, directors, advisors or other representatives has made, makes or is authorized in the future to make any representation to any Cadence
stockholder or State Bank shareholder or other person regarding State Bank’s ultimate performance compared to the information contained in the
unaudited prospective financial information or that the forecasted results will be achieved. The summary of the unaudited prospective financial
information included below is being provided solely because it was made available to State Bank’s financial advisors in connection with the merger.

In connection with the evaluation of the merger, State Bank senior management directed State Bank’s financial advisors to rely upon and utilize
estimates for State Bank net income and Cadence net income, in each case for 2018 and 2019, that reflected consensus Wall Street research estimates,
for purposes of the net present value and discounted cash flow analyses performed by State Bank’s financial advisors in connection with their respective
fairness opinions. For such purposes, Sandler O’Neill utilized median consensus Wall Street research estimates published by Bloomberg L.P., and
Raymond James and FIG Partners each utilized median consensus Wall Street research estimates published by S&P Global Market Intelligence. For
State Bank net income for 2018, the estimates utilized by such financial advisors ranged from approximately $83 million to approximately $84 million.
For State Bank net income for 2019, the estimates utilized by such financial advisors were in each case approximately $94 million. For Cadence net
income for 2018, the estimates utilized by such financial advisors ranged from approximately $169 million to approximately $171 million. For Cadence
net income for 2019, the estimates utilized by such financial advisors ranged from approximately $187 million to approximately $189 million.

Further, in connection with the evaluation of the merger, State Bank senior management provided State Bank’s financial advisors with, and directed
State Bank’s financial advisors to rely upon and utilize, an 8% annual net income growth rate assumption, for State Bank and, a 9% annual net income
growth rate assumption for Cadence, both for 2020 through 2022, for purposes of the net present value and discounted cash flow analyses performed by
State Bank’s financial advisors in connection with their respective fairness opinions. In connection with the pro forma financial analysis, at the direction
of State Bank’s senior management, State Bank’s financial advisors relied upon and utilized an annual net income growth rate assumption of 9%, net of
excess purchase accounting accretion.

During the course of due diligence for the merger, certain other unaudited prospective financial information with respect to State Bank that State Bank
had prepared in connection with its capital planning activities was made available by State Bank to State Bank’s financial advisors and to Cadence and
its financial advisor. Such information was not prepared in connection with the merger and was not updated to reflect actual performance, internal State
Bank developments or external market developments. Such information was viewed by State Bank’s financial advisors and by Cadence and its financial
advisor in connection with due diligence for the merger, but was not relied upon by such parties in connection with their respective fairness opinion
analyses or any other analysis with regard to State Bank. Such information included estimates for State Bank net income for 2018 through 2022 that
were in each case lower than the State Bank net income estimates for the corresponding period utilized by State Bank’s financial advisors, as described
above, for purposes of the net present value and discounted cash flow analyses performed by State Bank’s financial advisors in connection with their
respective fairness opinions.
 

72



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 81/178

Table of Contents

The unaudited prospective financial information was not prepared with a view toward public disclosure, nor was it prepared with a view toward
compliance with GAAP, published guidelines of the SEC or the guidelines established by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants for the
preparation and presentation of prospective financial information. Neither State Bank’s independent registered public accounting firm, nor any other
independent accountants, have compiled, examined or performed any procedures with respect to the unaudited prospective financial information
contained herein, nor have they expressed any opinion or any other form of assurance on such information or its achievability. The independent
registered public accountant report of Dixon Hughes Goodman LLP incorporate by reference in this joint information statement/proxy statement and
prospectus relates to State Bank’s historical financial information. It does not extend to the unaudited prospective financial information and should not
be read to do so.

In light of the foregoing, and considering the uncertainties inherent in forecasting information, Cadence stockholders and State Bank shareholders are
cautioned not to place unwarranted reliance on such information, and State Bank urges all Cadence stockholders and State Bank shareholders to review
State Bank’s most recent SEC filings for a description of State Bank’s reported financial results. See “Where You Can Find More Information.”

Opinion of Raymond James & Associates Inc.

State Bank retained Raymond James & Associates Inc., which we refer to as Raymond James, to act as financial advisor to the State Bank board of
directors in connection with State Bank’s consideration of a possible business combination. State Bank selected Raymond James as a financial advisor
because it is a globally-recognized investment banking firm offering a full range of investment banking services to its clients. In the ordinary course of
its investment banking business, Raymond James is regularly engaged in the valuation of financial institutions and their securities in connection with
mergers and acquisitions and other corporate transactions.

Raymond James acted as financial advisor in connection with the proposed transaction and participated in certain of the negotiations leading to the
execution of the merger agreement.

At the May 11, 2018 meeting of the State Bank board of directors, representatives of Raymond James rendered its written opinion to the State Bank
board of directors dated May 11, 2018, as to the fairness, as of such date, from a financial point of view, to the holders of State Bank common stock of
the exchange ratio to be received by such holders in the merger pursuant to the merger agreement, based upon and subject to the qualifications,
assumptions and other matters considered in connection with the preparation of its opinion.

The full text of the written opinion of Raymond James is attached as Annex D to this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus. The
summary of the opinion of Raymond James set forth in this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus is qualified in its entirety by
reference to the full text of such written opinion. State Bank shareholders are urged to read the opinion in its entirety.

Raymond James provided its opinion for the information of the State Bank board of directors (solely in each director’s capacity as such) in connection
with, and for purposes of, its consideration of the merger and its opinion only addresses whether the exchange ratio to be received by State Bank
shareholders in the merger pursuant to the merger agreement was fair, from a financial point of view, to such holders. Raymond James did not, however,
recommend any specific amount of consideration or that any specific consideration constituted the only appropriate consideration for the merger. The
Raymond James opinion did not constitute a recommendation to the State Bank board of directors or to any State Bank shareholder as to how the State
Bank board of directors, such shareholder or any other person should vote or otherwise act with respect to the merger or any other matter. Raymond
James does not express any opinion as to the likely trading range of Cadence Class A common stock following the merger, which may vary depending
on numerous factors that generally impact the price of securities or on the financial condition of Cadence at that time.

In connection with its review of the proposed merger and the preparation of its opinion, Raymond James, among other things:
 

 
•  reviewed the financial terms and conditions as stated in the draft of the merger agreement, which is referred to in this section as the draft

merger agreement;
 

73



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 82/178

Table of Contents

 

•  reviewed certain information related to the historical, current and future operations, financial condition and prospects of State Bank and
Cadence, including publicly available consensus mean analyst earnings per share for State Bank and Cadence for the years ending
December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2019, as well as long-term earnings growth rates for State Bank and Cadence for the years thereafter,
as provided by the senior management of State Bank, which we refer to in this section as the “Projections”;

 

 
•  reviewed State Bank’s and Cadence’s recent public filings and certain other publicly available information regarding State Bank, SBTC and

Cadence;
 

 •  reviewed financial, operating and other information regarding State Bank and the industry in which it operates;
 

 
•  compared the financial and operating performance of State Bank and those of other selected public companies that Raymond James deemed

to be relevant;
 

 •  considered the publicly available financial terms of certain transactions that Raymond James deemed to be relevant;
 

 
•  compared the current and historical market prices and trading volume for State Bank’s common stock with the current market prices of the

publicly traded securities of certain other companies that Raymond James deemed to be comparable to State Bank;
 

 •  reviewed and considered the pro forma financial impact of the merger on Cadence based on the Projections;
 

 
•  conducted such other financial studies, analyses and inquiries and considered such other information and factors, as Raymond James

deemed appropriate;
 

 
•  reviewed a certificate addressed to Raymond James from a member of senior management of State Bank regarding, among other things, the

accuracy of certain information, data and other materials (financial and otherwise) provided to, or discussed with, Raymond James by or on
behalf of State Bank; and

 

 
•  discussed with members of the senior management State Bank certain information relating to the aforementioned and any other matters

which Raymond James deemed relevant to its inquiry.

With State Bank’s consent, Raymond James assumed and relied upon the accuracy and completeness of all information supplied by or on behalf of State
Bank or otherwise reviewed by or discussed with Raymond James, and Raymond James did not undertake any duty or responsibility to, nor did
Raymond James, independently verify any of such information. Raymond James did not make or obtain an independent appraisal or valuation of the
assets or liabilities (fixed, contingent, derivative, off-balance sheet or otherwise) of State Bank. Raymond James assumed that allowances for loan losses
are in the aggregate adequate to cover such losses. With respect to the Projections and any other information and data provided to or otherwise reviewed
by or discussed with Raymond James, Raymond James, with State Bank’s consent, assumed that the Projections and such other information and data
were reasonably prepared in good faith on bases reflecting the best currently available estimates and judgments of State Bank and Cadence and
Raymond James relied upon State Bank to advise Raymond James promptly if any information previously provided became inaccurate or was required
to be updated during the period of its review. Raymond James expressed no opinion with respect to the Projections or the assumptions on which they
were based. Raymond James assumed that the final form of the merger agreement would be substantially similar to the draft merger agreement reviewed
by Raymond James and that the merger would be consummated in accordance with the terms of the merger agreement without waiver of or amendment
to any of the conditions thereto. Furthermore, Raymond James assumed, in all respects material to its analysis, that the representations and warranties of
each party contained in the merger agreement were true and correct and that each party will perform all of the covenants and agreements required to be
performed by it under the merger agreement without being waived. Raymond James also relied upon and assumed, without independent
 

74



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 83/178

Table of Contents

verification, that (i) the merger would be consummated in a manner that complies in all respects with all applicable international, federal and state
statutes, rules and regulations, (ii) all governmental, regulatory or other consents and approvals necessary for the consummation of the merger would be
obtained and that no delay, limitations, restrictions or conditions would be imposed or amendments, modifications or waivers made that would have an
effect on the merger, State Bank that would be material to its analysis or opinion, and (iii) the merger would qualify as a tax-free reorganization under
the provisions of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.

Raymond James expressed no opinion as to the underlying business decision to effect the merger, the structure or tax consequences of the merger, or the
availability or advisability of any alternatives to the merger. Raymond James expressed no opinion with respect to any other reasons (legal, business, or
otherwise) that may support the decision of the State Bank board of directors to approve or consummate the merger. Furthermore, no opinion, counsel or
interpretation was intended by Raymond James on matters that require legal, accounting or tax advice. Raymond James assumed that such opinions,
counsel or interpretations had been or would be obtained from appropriate professional sources. Furthermore, Raymond James relied, with the consent
of the State Bank board of directors, on the fact that State Bank was assisted by legal, accounting and tax advisors, and, with the consent of State Bank,
relied upon and assumed the accuracy and completeness of the assessments by State Bank and its advisors, as to all legal, regulatory, accounting and tax
matters with respect to State Bank and the merger.

In formulating its opinion, Raymond James considered only the exchange ratio to be received State Bank shareholders, and Raymond James did not
consider, and expressed no opinion on, the fairness of the amount or nature of any compensation to be paid or payable to any of State Bank’s officers,
directors or employees, or such class of persons, whether relative to the exchange ratio or otherwise. Raymond James was not requested to opine as to,
and its opinion did not express an opinion as to or otherwise address, among other things: (1) the fairness of the merger to the holders of any class of
securities, creditors or other constituencies of State Bank, or to any other party, except and only to the extent expressly set forth in the last sentence of its
opinion or (2) the fairness of the merger to any one class or group of State Bank’s or any other party’s security holders or other constituents vis-à-vis any
other class or group of State Bank’s or such other party’s security holders or other constituents (including, without limitation, the allocation of any
consideration to be received in the merger amongst or within such classes or groups of security holders or other constituents). Raymond James expressed
no opinion as to the impact of the merger on the solvency or viability of State Bank or Cadence or the ability of State Bank or Cadence to pay their
respective obligations when they come due.

Material Financial Analyses

The following summarizes the material financial analyses reviewed by Raymond James with the State Bank board of directors at its meeting on May 11,
2018 which material was considered by Raymond James in rendering its opinion. No company or transaction used in the analyses described below is
identical or directly comparable to State Bank, Cadence or the contemplated merger.
 

75



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 84/178

Table of Contents

Contribution Analysis. Raymond James analyzed the relative contribution of State Bank and Cadence to certain financial and operating metrics for the
pro forma combined company resulting from the merger agreement. Such financial and operating metrics included: (i) total assets; (ii) gross loans;
(iii) core deposits, which excludes time deposits of $100,000 or more; (iv) tangible common equity; (v) LTM net income adjusted to exclude the impact
of deferred tax asset adjustments that took place in Q4 2017 due to revisions in the U.S. corporate tax rate (“adjusted net income”); (vi) LTM pre-tax
earnings; (vii) 2018 estimated net income based on consensus analyst estimates and publicly available information; and (ix) 2019 estimated net income
based on consensus analyst estimates. The relative contribution analysis did not give effect to any synergies or purchase accounting adjustments as a
result of the merger. The results of this analysis are summarized in the table below:
 

   Relative Contribution   Implied
Exchange    CADE   STBZ   

Total Assets    69.2%   30.8%   0.96x 
Gross Loans    70.3%   29.7%   0.91x 
Core Deposits    67.8%   32.2%   1.02x 
Tangible Common Equity    65.1%   34.9%   1.15x 
Last-12-Months Adj. Net Income    68.0%   32.0%   1.01x 
LTM Pre-tax Earnings    67.7%   32.3%   1.03x 
2018E Net Income    67.1%   32.9%   1.06x 
2019E Net Income    66.8%   33.2%   1.07x 

Discounted Cash Flow Analysis. Raymond James performed a discounted cash flow analysis of State Bank and Cadence based on the projected financial
information provided to Raymond James and approved for use by State Bank management. Consistent with the periods included in the projections,
Raymond James used calendar year 2022 as the final year for the analysis and applied multiples, ranging from 14.0x to 16.0x, to calendar year 2022
earnings in order to derive a range of terminal values for State Bank and Cadence in 2022.

For State Bank, Raymond James used discount rates ranging from 9.0% to 13.0%. For Cadence, Raymond James used discount rates ranging from 9.0%
to 13.0%. Raymond James arrived at its discount ranges by using the Modified CAPM methodology as presented in the 2017 Duff & Phelps Valuation
Handbook. Raymond James reviewed the ranges of implied per share values indicated by the discounted cash flow analysis for each of State Bank and
Cadence and calculated a range of implied exchange ratios by dividing the maximum implied per share value of State Bank by the minimum implied per
share value of Cadence Class A common stock to calculate the maximum implied exchange ratio, and by dividing the minimum implied per share value
of State Bank by the maximum implied per share value of Cadence to calculate the minimum implied exchange ratio. The results of the discounted cash
flow analysis are summarized in the table below:
 
   Implied Aggregate Equity Value    Implied

Exchange Ratio   CADE    STBZ    
   Low    High    Low    High    Low/High  High/Low
Net Income Terminal Multiple   $28.62   $36.77   $33.24   $41.71   0.90x - 1.46x
Exchange Ratio in the Merger           1.1600x

State Bank Selected Companies Analysis. Raymond James analyzed the relative valuation multiples of 11 publicly traded bank holding companies,
banks, and thrifts headquartered in the Southeast (Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee,
Virginia and West Virginia) with the following characteristics: (i) listed on either the NASDAQ, NYSE, or NYSE MKT exchanges; (ii) total assets
between $2.0 billion and 8.0 billion; (iii) LTM ROAA greater than 0.75%; and (iv) nonperforming assets to total assets ratio (NPAs / Assets) less than
1.5%. The aforementioned financial characteristics were shown for the bank subsidiary if consolidated data was unavailable, and the financial
characteristics were based on the most recent LTM period reported as of March 31, 2018. Raymond James excluded mutual holding companies, targets
 

76



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 85/178

Table of Contents

of announced mergers, and the two following companies: (i) Summit Financial Group, Inc.; and (ii) Live Oak Bancshares, Inc., both of which were not
comparable due to their unique business model.

The selected companies that Raymond James deemed relevant included the following:

State Bank Selected Companies
 

 •  ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc.
 

 •  Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida
 

 •  First Bancorp
 

 •  Fidelity Southern Corporation
 

 •  FB Financial Corporation
 

 •  City Holding Company
 

 •  Franklin Financial Network, Inc.
 

 •  Carolina Financial Corporation
 

 •  National Commerce Corporation
 

 •  Access National Corporation
 

 •  First Community Bancshares, Inc.

Cadence Selected Companies Analysis. Raymond James analyzed the relative valuation multiples of 15 publicly traded bank holding companies, banks,
and thrifts headquartered in the Southeast (Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia and
West Virginia) and Southwest (Colorado, Louisiana, New Mexico, Oklahoma, Texas and Utah) with the following characteristics: (i) listed on either the
NASDAQ, NYSE, or NYSE MKT exchanges; (ii) total assets between $7.5 billion and $15.0 billion; (iii) LTM ROAA greater than 0.75%; and
(iv) nonperforming assets to total assets ratio (NPAs / Assets) less than 1.5%. The aforementioned financial characteristics were shown for the bank
subsidiary if consolidated data was unavailable, and the financial characteristics were based on the most recent LTM period reported as of March 31,
2018. Raymond James excluded mutual holding companies, and targets of announced mergers.

Cadence Selected Companies
 

 •  South State Corporation
 

 •  Home BancShares, Inc.
 

 •  Trustmark Corporation
 

 •  Hilltop Holdings Inc.
 

 •  International Bancshares Corporation
 

 •  FCB Financial Holdings, Inc.
 

 •  TowneBank
 

 •  CenterState Bank Corporation
 

 •  WesBanco, Inc.
 

 •  Renasant Corporation
 

 •  LegacyTexas Financial Group, Inc.
 

77



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 86/178

Table of Contents

 •  Independent Bank Group, Inc.
 

 •  Ameris Bancorp
 

 •  BancFirst Corporation
 

 •  First Financial Bankshares, Inc.

Raymond James calculated various financial multiples for each selected public company, including: price per share at close on May 10, 2018 compared
to (i) tangible book value (“TBV”) per share at March 31, 2018 or the most recent quarter; (ii) LTM adjusted earnings per share (“LTM Adjusted EPS”),
which adjusts LTM earnings to remove the impact of deferred tax asset write downs in Q4 2017 due to the change in the corporate tax rate; (iii) LTM
pre-tax earnings per share; and (iv) consensus forward operating EPS for the 2018 and 2019 fiscal years based on S&P Global Market Intelligence. The
estimates published by Wall Street research analysts were not prepared in connection with the merger or at the request of Raymond James and may or
may not prove to be accurate. All financial multiples—TBV per share, LTM Adjusted EPS, LTM Pre-tax EPS, 2018 forward EPS, and 2019 forward
EPS—greater than two standard deviations away from the unadjusted mean were considered not meaningful. Raymond James reviewed the mean and
median relative valuation multiples of the selected public companies. The results of the selected public companies analysis are summarized below:
 

   CADE Multiples   STBZ Multiples  
   Mean   Median  Mean   Median 
Tangible Book Value    252%   260%   234%   247% 
LTM Adj. EPS    19.2x   19.4x   20.1x   21.4x 
LTM Pre-tax EPS    13.8x   13.7x   14.2x   14.4x 
2018E EPS    15.3x   15.5x   15.0x   15.1x 
2019E EPS    13.7x   13.9x   13.6x   13.4x 

Taking into account the results of the selected companies analysis, Raymond James applied the mean and median of the price to tangible book value
ratio and earnings per share multiples to corresponding financial data for each of Cadence and State Bank. Raymond James reviewed the ranges of
implied per share values and calculated a range of implied exchange ratios by dividing the higher implied per share value of State Bank by the lower
implied per share value of Cadence to calculate the implied exchange ratio, and by dividing the lower implied per share value of State Bank by the
higher implied per share value of Cadence to calculate the low implied exchange ratio. The results of the selected companies’ analysis are summarized
below:
 
   Implied Per Share Value    Implied

Exchange Ratio   CADE    STBZ    
   Mean    Median    Mean    Median    Low/High  High/Low
Tangible Book Value   $31.09   $32.02   $33.15   $34.94   1.04x - 1.12x
LTM Adj. EPS   $30.65   $31.07   $33.46   $35.53   1.08x - 1.16x
LTM Pre-tax EPS   $31.86   $31.64   $34.59   $35.20   1.09x - 1.11x
2018E EPS   $30.94   $31.38   $33.03   $33.20   1.05x - 1.07x
2019E EPS   $30.50   $30.96   $33.27   $32.81   1.06x - 1.09x
Exchange Ratio in the Merger           1.16x

Selected merger Analysis. Raymond James analyzed publicly available information relating to selected regional transactions announced since June 30,
2016 involving targets headquartered in the Southeast with total assets between $2.0 billion and $8.0 billion, LTM ROAA greater than 0.75% and
nonperforming assets to total assets ratio less than 1.5%. Raymond James also analyzed publicly available information relating to selected national
transactions announced since December 31, 2016 involving targets headquartered in the United States with total assets between $2.0 billion and
$8.0 billion, LTM ROAA greater than 0.75% and nonperforming assets to total assets ratio less than 1.5%. Total assets for the selected targets were
based on the most recent quarterly period
 

78



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 87/178

Table of Contents

reported as of March 31, 2018. Both regional and national selected transaction analyses excluded (i) transactions without publicly disclosed deal value
or key financial information; (ii) transactions with cumulative equity ownership acquired less than 100%; (iii) investor recapitalizations; and
(iv) mergers of equals transactions. The selected transactions (with respective transaction announcement dates shown) used in the analyses included:

Regional:
 

 •  Acquisition of Bear State Financial Inc. by Arvest Bank Group (08/22/17)
 

 •  Acquisition of USAmeriBancorp Inc. by Valley National Bancorp (07/26/17)
 

 •  Acquisition of WashingtonFirst Bankshares Inc. by Sandy Spring Bancorp Inc. (05/16/17)
 

 •  Acquisition of Park Sterling Corporation by South State Corporation (04/27/17)
 

 •  Acquisition of Stonegate Bank by Home BancShares Inc. (03/27/17)
 

 •  Acquisition of Sabadell United Bank N.A. by IBERIABANK Corp. (2/28/17)
 

 •  Acquisition of BNC Bancorp by Pinnacle Financial Partners (01/22/17)
 

 •  Acquisition of Cardinal Financial Corp. by United Bankshares Inc. (08/18/16)
 

 •  Acquisition of Yadkin Financial Corporation by F.N.B. Corp. (07/21/16)

National:
 

 •  Acquisition of Community Bank by CVB Financial Corp. (02/26/18)
 

 •  Acquisition of Bear State Financial Inc. by Arvest Bank Group (08/22/17)
 

 •  Acquisition of Anchor Bancorp Inc. by Old National Bancorp (08/08/17)
 

 •  Acquisition of USAmeriBancorp Inc. by Valley National Bancorp (07/26/17)
 

 •  Acquisition of MainSource Financial Group by First Financial Bancorp. (07/25/17)
 

 •  Acquisition of WashingtonFirst Bankshares Inc. by Sandy Spring Bancorp Inc. (05/16/17)
 

 •  Acquisition of Park Sterling Corporation by South State Corporation (04/27/17)
 

 •  Acquisition of CU Bancorp by PacWest Bancorp (04/06/17)
 

 •  Acquisition of Stonegate Bank by Home BancShares Inc. (03/27/17)
 

 •  Acquisition of Sabadell United Bank N.A. by IBERIABANK Corp. (2/28/17)
 

 •  Acquisition of First Texas BHC Inc. by Simmons First National Corp. (01/23/17)
 

 •  Acquisition of BNC Bancorp by Pinnacle Financial Partners (01/22/17)
 

 •  Acquisition of Pacific Continental Corp. by Columbia Banking System Inc. (01/09/17)

Raymond James examined valuation multiples of transaction value compared to the target companies’ (i) most recent quarter TBV per share; (ii) most
recent LTM adjusted earnings (“LTM Adjusted Earnings”), which adjusts LTM earnings to remove the impact of deferred tax asset write downs in Q4
2017 due to the change in the corporate tax rate; (iii) LTM pre-tax earnings; and (iv) core deposits (total deposits less time deposits greater than
$100,000). All financial multiples—TBV, LTM Adjusted Earnings, LTM pre-tax earnings and core deposits—greater than two standard deviations away
from the unadjusted mean were considered not meaningful. Raymond James reviewed the 75th percentile, mean, median and 25th percentile relative
valuation multiples of the selected transactions. Furthermore, Raymond James applied the 75th percentile, mean, median and 25th percentile relative
valuation multiples to State Bank’s actual TBV, LTM Adjusted Earnings, LTM pre-tax earnings and core deposits and divided those values by Cadence’s
closing price of $30.06 as of May 10, 2018 to determine the
 

79



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 88/178

Table of Contents

implied exchange ratio for State Bank common stock. Raymond James then compared those implied exchange ratios to the exchange ratio of 1.16x. The
results of the selected transactions analysis are summarized below:

Regional:
 

   Deal Value /    
   TBV   Implied Exchange Ratio 
75th Percentile    269%   1.26x 
Mean    242%   1.14x 
Median    241%   1.13x 
25th Percentile    231%   1.09x 
Implied Transaction Metric    247%   1.16x 

 
   Deal Value /      
   LTM Adj. Earnings   Implied Exchange Ratio 
75th Percentile    27.5x    1.48x 
Mean    24.2x    1.30x 
Median    27.0x    1.45x 
25th Percentile    19.6x    1.05x 
Implied Transaction Metric    21.6x    1.16x 

 
   Deal Value /      
   LTM Pre-tax Earnings   Implied Exchange Ratio 
75th Percentile    19.2x    1.51x 
Mean    16.1x    1.27x 
Median    17.4x    1.37x 
25th Percentile    13.1x    1.03x 
Implied Transaction Metric    14.7x    1.16x 

 
   Premium /     
   Core Deposits  Implied Exchange Ratio 
75th Percentile    21.4%   1.16x 
Mean    19.2%   1.09x 
Median    19.7%   1.10x 
25th Percentile    17.4%   1.03x 
Implied Transaction Metric    21.5%   1.16x 

National:
 

   Deal Value /    
   TBV   Implied Exchange Ratio 
75th Percentile    271%   1.27x 
Mean    253%   1.19x 
Median    263%   1.23x 
25th Percentile    241%   1.13x 
Implied Transaction Metric    247%   1.16x 

 
   Deal Value /      
   LTM Adj. Earnings   Implied Exchange Ratio 
75th Percentile    27.0x    1.45x 
Mean    24.5x    1.31x 
Median    25.1x    1.35x 
25th Percentile    21.2x    1.14x 
Implied Transaction Metric    21.6x    1.16x 

 
80



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 89/178

Table of Contents

   Deal Value /      
   LTM Pre-tax Earnings   Implied Exchange Ratio 
75th Percentile    17.5x    1.38x 
Mean    15.8x    1.25x 
Median    16.2x    1.28x 
25th Percentile    13.3x    1.05x 
Implied Transaction Metric    14.7x    1.16x 

 
   Premium /     
   Core Deposits  Implied Exchange Ratio 
75th Percentile    21.3%   1.16x 
Mean    19.2%   1.09x 
Median    19.8%   1.11x 
25th Percentile    16.9%   1.01   
Implied Transaction Metric    21.5%   1.16x 

Pro Forma Impact Analysis. Raymond James performed a pro forma financial impact analysis that combined projected income statement and balance
sheet information of Cadence and State Bank. Using publicly available consensus mean analyst earnings per share estimates for State Bank and Cadence
for the years ending December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2019, as well as long-term earnings growth rates for State Bank and Cadence for the years
thereafter as provided by senior management of State Bank and pro forma assumptions as provided by senior management of Cadence, Raymond James
analyzed the estimated financial impact of the merger on these projected financial results. This analysis indicated that the merger agreement could be
dilutive to Cadence’s estimated tangible book value per share at December 31, 2018 and accretive to Cadence’s estimated 2019 and 2020 earnings per
share. For all of the above analyses, the actual results achieved by Cadence following the merger may vary from the projected results, and the variations
may be material.

Additional Considerations. The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process and is not susceptible to a partial analysis or summary
description. Raymond James believes that its analyses must be considered as a whole and that selecting portions of its analyses, without considering the
analyses taken as a whole, would create an incomplete view of the process underlying its opinion. In addition, Raymond James considered the results of
all such analyses and did not assign relative weights to any of the analyses, but rather made qualitative judgments as to significance and relevance of
each analysis and factor, so the ranges of valuations resulting from any particular analysis described above should not be taken to be the view of
Raymond James as to the actual value of State Bank.

In performing its analyses, Raymond James made numerous assumptions with respect to industry performance, general business, economic and
regulatory conditions and other matters, many of which are beyond the control of State Bank. The analyses performed by Raymond James are not
necessarily indicative of actual values, trading values or actual future results which might be achieved, all of which may be significantly more or less
favorable than suggested by such analyses. Such analyses were provided to the State Bank board of directors (solely in each director’s capacity as such)
and were prepared solely as part of the analysis of Raymond James of the fairness, from a financial point of view, to State Bank shareholders of the
exchange ratio to be received by such holders in connection with the proposed merger pursuant to the merger agreement. The analyses do not purport to
be appraisals or to reflect the prices at which companies may actually be sold, and such estimates are inherently subject to uncertainty. The opinion of
Raymond James was one of many factors taken into account by the State Bank board in making its determination to approve the merger. Neither
Raymond James’ opinion, nor the analyses described above should be viewed as determinative of the State Bank board of directors’ or State Bank
management’s views with respect to State Bank , Cadence, or the merger. Raymond James provided advice to State Bank with respect to the proposed
transaction. Raymond James did not, however, recommend any specific amount of consideration to the Board or that any specific exchange ratio
constituted the only appropriate exchange ratio for the merger. State Bank placed no limits on the scope of the analysis performed, or opinion expressed,
by Raymond James.
 

81



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 90/178

Table of Contents

The Raymond James opinion was based upon market, economic, financial and other circumstances and conditions existing and disclosed to it as of
May 10, 2018, and any material change in such circumstances and conditions would require a reevaluation of the opinion of Raymond James, but
Raymond James does not have any obligation to reaffirm, update or revise that opinion. Raymond James relied upon and assumed, without independent
verification, that there had been no change in the business, assets, liabilities, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or prospects of State
Bank since the respective dates of the most recent financial statements and other information, financial or otherwise, provided to Raymond James that
would be material to its analyses or its opinion, and that there was no information or any facts that would make any of the information reviewed by
Raymond James incomplete or misleading in any material respect.

For services rendered in connection with the delivery of its opinion, State Bank paid Raymond James an investment banking fee upon delivery of its
opinion. State Bank will also pay Raymond James a fee for advisory services in connection with the merger, a substantial portion of which is contingent
upon the closing of the merger. State Bank also agreed to reimburse Raymond James for its expenses incurred in connection with its services, including
the fees and expenses of its counsel, and will indemnify Raymond James against certain liabilities arising out of its engagement.

Raymond James is actively involved in the investment banking business and regularly undertakes the valuation of investment securities in connection
with public offerings, private placements, business combinations and similar transactions. In the ordinary course of business, Raymond James may trade
in the securities of State Bank and Cadence for its own account and for the accounts of its customers and, accordingly, may at any time hold a long or
short position in such securities. Raymond James may provide investment banking, financial advisory and other financial services to State Bank and/or
Cadence, their respective affiliates, or other participants in the merger in the future, for which Raymond James may receive compensation.

Raymond James’ Relationship. Raymond James acted as financial advisor to State Bank in connection with the merger. State Bank has agreed to pay
Raymond James a transaction fee in an amount equal to 0.45% of the aggregate merger consideration, which transaction fee is contingent upon the
closing of the merger. At the time of announcement, based on Cadence’s closing price of $30.06 as of May 10, 2018, Raymond James’ transaction fee
was approximately $6.1 million. Raymond James also received a $250,000 fee upon rendering its fairness opinion to the State Bank board of directors,
which opinion fee will be credited in full towards the transaction fee which will become payable to Raymond James on the day the merger closes. State
Bank has also agreed to indemnify Raymond James against certain claims and liabilities arising out of its engagement and to reimburse Raymond James
for certain of its out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with its engagement.

Raymond James did not provide any other investment banking services to State Bank in the two years preceding the date of its opinion. As the State
Bank board of directors was aware, in the two years preceding the date of its opinion, Raymond James provided certain investment banking services to
Cadence and received fees for such services. Prior to the date of the fairness opinion, Raymond James acted as (i) a co-manager in connection with
Cadence’s initial public offering of Class A common stock, which transaction closed in April 2017, for which Raymond James received approximately
$375,000, (ii) a co-manager in connection with the offer and sale of Cadence Class A common stock by Cadence Bancorp, LLC, which transaction
closed in November 2017, for which Raymond James received approximately $335,000, and (iii) a co-manager in connection with the offer and sale of
Cadence Class A common stock by Cadence Bancorp, LLC, which transaction closed in February 2018, for which Raymond James received
approximately $200,000. In the ordinary course of Raymond James’ business as a broker-dealer, Raymond James may purchase securities from and sell
securities to Cadence and its affiliates. Raymond James may also actively trade the equity and debt securities of Cadence and its affiliates for its own
account and for the accounts of its customers.

Opinion of Sandler O’Neill & Partners, L.P.

State Bank retained Sandler O’Neill & Partners, L.P., which we refer to as Sandler O’Neill, to act as financial advisor to the State Bank board of
directors in connection with State Bank’s consideration of a possible business
 

82



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 91/178

Table of Contents

combination. State Bank selected Sandler O’Neill as a financial advisor because it is a nationally recognized investment banking firm whose principal
business specialty is financial institutions. In the ordinary course of its investment banking business, Sandler O’Neill is regularly engaged in the
valuation of financial institutions and their securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions and other corporate transactions.

Sandler O’Neill acted as financial advisor in connection with the proposed transaction and participated in certain of the negotiations leading to the
execution of the merger agreement. At the May 11, 2018 meeting at which the State Bank board of directors considered and discussed the terms of the
merger agreement and the merger, Sandler O’Neill delivered to the State Bank board of directors its oral opinion, which was subsequently confirmed in
writing on May 11, 2018, to the effect that, as of such date, the exchange ratio in the merger was fair to the holders of State Bank common stock, from a
financial point of view. The full text of Sandler O’Neill’s opinion is attached as Annex C to this joint information statement/proxy statement and
prospectus. The opinion outlines the procedures followed, assumptions made, matters considered and qualifications and limitations on the
review undertaken by Sandler O’Neill in rendering its opinion. The description of the opinion set forth below is qualified in its entirety by
reference to the full text of the opinion. State Bank shareholders are urged to read the entire opinion carefully in connection with their
consideration of the proposed merger.

Sandler O’Neill’s opinion speaks only as of the date of the opinion. The opinion was directed to the State Bank board of directors in connection
with its consideration of the merger agreement and the merger and does not constitute a recommendation to any State Bank shareholder as to
how any such shareholder should vote at any meeting of shareholders called to consider and vote upon the approval of the merger agreement
and the merger. Sandler O’Neill’s opinion was directed only to the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the exchange ratio to the holders
of State Bank common stock and did not address the underlying business decision of State Bank to engage in the merger, the form or structure
of the merger or any other transactions contemplated in the merger agreement, the relative merits of the merger as compared to any other
alternative transactions or business strategies that might exist for State Bank or the effect of any other transaction in which State Bank might
engage. Sandler O’Neill did not express any opinion as to the fairness of the amount or nature of the compensation to be received in the merger by any
officer, director or employee of State Bank or Cadence, or any class of such persons, if any, relative to the compensation to be received in the merger by
any other shareholder. Sandler O’Neill’s opinion was approved by Sandler O’Neill’s fairness opinion committee.

In connection with its opinion, Sandler O’Neill reviewed and considered, among other things:
 

 •  an execution copy of the merger agreement, dated May 11, 2018;
 

 •  certain publicly available financial statements and other historical financial information of State Bank that Sandler O’Neill deemed relevant;
 

 •  certain publicly available financial statements and other historical financial information of Cadence that Sandler O’Neill deemed relevant;
 

 
•  publicly available consensus median analyst earnings per share and dividends per share estimates for State Bank for the years ending

December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2019, as well as a long-term earnings growth rate and dividends per share for the years thereafter, as
provided by the senior management of State Bank;

 

 
•  publicly available consensus median analyst earnings per share and dividends per share estimates for Cadence for the years ending

December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2019, as well as a long-term earnings growth rate and dividend payout ratio for the years thereafter,
as provided by the senior management of Cadence;

 

 
•  the pro forma financial impact of the merger on Cadence based on certain assumptions relating to purchase accounting adjustments, cost

savings and transaction expenses, as provided by the senior management of Cadence, which we refer to as the pro forma assumptions;
 

83



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 92/178

Table of Contents

 
•  the publicly reported historical price and trading activity for State Bank common stock and Cadence Class A common stock, including a

comparison of certain stock market information for State Bank common stock and Cadence Class A common stock and certain stock indices,
as well as publicly available information for certain other similar companies, the securities of which are publicly traded;

 

 
•  a comparison of certain financial information for State Bank and Cadence with similar financial institutions for which information was

publicly available;
 

 
•  the financial terms of certain recent business combinations in the bank and thrift industry (on a regional and nationwide basis), to the extent

publicly available;
 

 •  the current market environment generally and the banking environment in particular; and
 

 
•  such other information, financial studies, analyses and investigations and financial, economic and market criteria as Sandler O’Neill

considered relevant.

Sandler O’Neill also discussed with certain members of the senior management of State Bank the business, financial condition, results of operations and
prospects of State Bank and held similar discussions with certain members of the senior management of Cadence and its representatives regarding the
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of Cadence.

In performing its review, Sandler O’Neill relied upon the accuracy and completeness of all of the financial and other information that was available to
and reviewed by Sandler O’Neill from public sources, that was provided to Sandler O’Neill by State Bank or Cadence or their respective representatives
or that was otherwise reviewed by Sandler O’Neill, and Sandler O’Neill assumed such accuracy and completeness for purposes of rendering its opinion
without any independent verification or investigation. Sandler O’Neill relied on the assurances of the respective senior managements of State Bank and
Cadence that they were not aware of any facts or circumstances that would have made any of such information inaccurate or misleading. Sandler
O’Neill was not asked to and did not undertake an independent verification of any of such information and Sandler O’Neill did not assume any
responsibility or liability for the accuracy or completeness thereof. Sandler O’Neill did not make an independent evaluation or perform an appraisal of
the specific assets, the collateral securing assets or the liabilities (contingent or otherwise) of State Bank or Cadence or any of their respective
subsidiaries, nor was Sandler O’Neill furnished with any such evaluations or appraisals. Sandler O’Neill rendered no opinion or evaluation on the
collectability of any assets or the future performance of any loans of State Bank or Cadence. Sandler O’Neill did not make an independent evaluation of
the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses of State Bank or Cadence, or of the combined entity after the merger, and Sandler O’Neill did not review
any individual credit files relating to State Bank or Cadence. Sandler O’Neill assumed, with State Bank’s consent, that the respective allowances for
loan losses for both State Bank and Cadence were adequate to cover such losses and would be adequate on a pro forma basis for the combined entity.

In preparing its analyses, Sandler O’Neill used certain publicly available consensus median analyst earnings per share and dividends per share estimates
for State Bank for the years ending December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2019, as well as an estimated long-term earnings growth rate and dividends
per share for the years thereafter, as provided by the senior management of State Bank. In addition, Sandler O’Neill used publicly available consensus
median analyst earnings per share and dividends per share estimates for Cadence for the years ending December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2019, as
well as a long-term earnings growth rate and dividend payout ratio for the years thereafter, as provided by the senior management of Cadence. Sandler
O’Neill also received and used in its pro forma analyses the pro forma assumptions, as provided by the senior management of Cadence. With respect to
the foregoing information, the respective senior managements of State Bank and Cadence confirmed to Sandler O’Neill that such information reflected
(or, in the case of the publicly available consensus median analyst estimates referred to above, were consistent with) the best currently available
projections, estimates and judgments of those respective senior managements as to the future financial performance of State Bank and Cadence,
respectively, and the other matters covered thereby, and Sandler O’Neill assumed that the future financial performance reflected in such information
would be achieved. Sandler O’Neill expressed no opinion as to such information, or the assumptions on which such information was based.
 

84



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 93/178

Table of Contents

Sandler O’Neill also assumed that there had been no material change in the respective assets, financial condition, results of operations, business or
prospects of State Bank or Cadence since the date of the most recent financial statements made available to Sandler O’Neill. Sandler O’Neill assumed in
all respects material to its analysis that State Bank and Cadence would remain as going concerns for all periods relevant to its analysis.

Sandler O’Neill assumed, with State Bank’s consent, that (i) each of the parties to the merger agreement would comply in all material respects with all
material terms and conditions of the merger agreement and all related agreements, that all of the representations and warranties contained in such
agreements were true and correct in all material respects, that each of the parties to such agreements would perform in all material respects all of the
covenants and other obligations required to be performed by such party under such agreements and that the conditions precedent in such agreements
were not and would not be waived, (ii) in the course of obtaining the necessary regulatory or third party approvals, consents and releases with respect to
the merger, no delay, limitation, restriction or condition would be imposed that would have an adverse effect on State Bank, Cadence or the merger or
any related transactions, (iii) the merger and any related transactions would be consummated in accordance with the terms of the merger agreement
without any waiver, modification or amendment of any material term, condition or agreement thereof and in compliance with all applicable laws and
other requirements, and (iv) the merger would qualify as a tax-free reorganization for federal income tax purposes. Finally, with State Bank’s consent,
Sandler O’Neill relied upon the advice that State Bank received from its legal, accounting and tax advisors as to all legal, accounting and tax matters
relating to the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. Sandler O’Neill expressed no opinion as to any such matters.

Sandler O’Neill’s opinion was necessarily based on financial, economic, market and other conditions as in effect on, and the information made available
to Sandler O’Neill as of, the date of the opinion. Events occurring after the date of Sandler O’Neill’s opinion could materially affect the opinion. Sandler
O’Neill has not undertaken to update, revise, reaffirm or withdraw its opinion or otherwise comment upon events occurring after the date of its opinion.
Sandler O’Neill expressed no opinion as to the trading value of State Bank common stock or Cadence Class A common stock at any time or what the
value of Cadence Class A common stock would be once it is actually received by State Bank shareholders.

In rendering its opinion, Sandler O’Neill performed a variety of financial analyses. The summary below is not a complete description of the analyses
underlying Sandler O’Neill’s opinion or the presentation made by Sandler O’Neill to the State Bank board of directors, but is a summary of all material
analyses performed and presented by Sandler O’Neill. The summary includes information presented in tabular format. In order to fully understand the
financial analyses, these tables must be read together with the accompanying text. The tables alone do not constitute a complete description of
the financial analyses. The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process involving subjective judgments as to the most appropriate and
relevant methods of financial analysis and the application of those methods to the particular circumstances. The process, therefore, is not necessarily
susceptible to a partial analysis or summary description. Sandler O’Neill believes that its analyses must be considered as a whole and that selecting
portions of the factors and analyses to be considered without considering all factors and analyses, or attempting to ascribe relative weights to some or all
such factors and analyses, could create an incomplete view of the evaluation process underlying its opinion. Also, no company included in Sandler
O’Neill’s comparative analyses described below is identical to State Bank or Cadence and no transaction is identical to the merger. Accordingly, an
analysis of comparable companies or transactions involves complex considerations and judgments concerning differences in financial and operating
characteristics of the companies and other factors that could affect the public trading values or merger transaction values, as the case may be, of State
Bank and Cadence and the companies to which they are being compared. In arriving at its opinion, Sandler O’Neill did not attribute any particular
weight to any analysis or factor that it considered. Rather, Sandler O’Neill made qualitative judgments as to the significance and relevance of each
analysis and factor. Sandler O’Neill did not form an opinion as to whether any individual analysis or factor (positive or negative) considered in isolation
supported or failed to support its opinion, rather, Sandler O’Neill made its determination as to the fairness of exchange ratio on the basis of its
experience and professional judgment after considering the results of all its analyses taken as a whole.
 

85



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 94/178

Table of Contents

In performing its analyses, Sandler O’Neill also made numerous assumptions with respect to industry performance, business and economic conditions
and various other matters, many of which are beyond the control of State Bank, Cadence and Sandler O’Neill. The analyses performed by Sandler
O’Neill are not necessarily indicative of actual values or future results, both of which may be significantly more or less favorable than suggested by such
analyses. Sandler O’Neill prepared its analyses solely for purposes of rendering its opinion and provided such analyses to the State Bank board of
directors at its May 11, 2018 meeting. Estimates on the values of companies do not purport to be appraisals or necessarily reflect the prices at which
companies or their securities may actually be sold. Such estimates are inherently subject to uncertainty and actual values may be materially different.
Accordingly, Sandler O’Neill’s analyses do not necessarily reflect the value of State Bank common stock or the prices at which State Bank common
stock or Cadence Class A common stock may be sold at any time. The analyses of Sandler O’Neill and its opinion were among a number of factors
taken into consideration by the State Bank board of directors in making its determination to approve the merger agreement and should not be viewed as
determinative of the merger consideration or the decision of the State Bank board of directors or management with respect to the fairness of the merger.
The type and amount of consideration payable in the merger were determined through negotiations between State Bank and Cadence.

Summary of Aggregate Merger Consideration and Implied Transaction Metrics. Sandler O’Neill reviewed the financial terms of the proposed merger.
Pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement, each share of State Bank common stock outstanding immediately prior to the effective time, except for
certain shares of State Bank common stock as specified in the merger agreement, will be converted into the right to receive 1.160 shares of Cadence
Class A common stock. Based on the closing price per share of Cadence Class A common stock on May 10, 2018 of $30.06 per share and based upon
39,114,525 State Bank common shares outstanding and 52,904 warrants outstanding with a weighted average exercise price of $9.92, Sandler O’Neill
calculated an aggregate implied transaction value of $1,365.2 million. Based upon historical financial information for State Bank as of or for the last
twelve months, which we refer to as LTM, ended March 31, 2018, historical financial information for the LTM period adjusted to remove the one-time
$10.7 million deferred tax asset write-down in the fourth quarter of 2017 related to tax reform, publicly available consensus median analyst earnings per
share estimates for State Bank for the year ending December 31, 2018 and the closing price of State Bank common stock on May 10, 2018 of $33.13 per
share, Sandler O’Neill calculated the following implied transaction metrics:
 
Transaction Value / State Bank Last Twelve Months Earnings:     26.8x
Transaction Value / State Bank Adjusted Last Twelve Months Earnings (1):     22.1x
Transaction Value / State Bank 2018E Earnings:     16.4x
Transaction Value / State Bank March 31, 2018 Book Value:   211.1%
Transaction Value / State Bank March 31, 2018 Tangible Book Value:   247.5%
Transaction Value / State Bank March 31, 2018 Adjusted Tangible Book Value (2):   288.4%
Tangible Book Premium (3) / Core Deposits (4):     20.2%
Tangible Book Premium (3) / Core Deposits (5):     21.5%
Market Premium (6):       5.3%
 
(1) LTM earnings adjusted to exclude the $10.7 million deferred tax asset write-down in the fourth quarter of 2017 due to corporate tax reform
(2) Tangible book value adjusted to 9.00% tangible common equity / tangible assets ratio and assumes a dollar-for-dollar payout in excess of 9.00%

tangible common equity / tangible assets
(3) Defined as aggregate merger consideration less State Bank’s reported tangible common equity at March 31, 2018
(4) Core deposits defined as total deposits less time deposits greater than $250,000
(5) Core deposits defined as total deposits less time deposits greater than $100,000
(6) Based on State Bank’s closing stock price of $33.13 as of May 10, 2018
 

86



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 95/178

Table of Contents

Stock Trading History. Sandler O’Neill reviewed the historical stock price performance of State Bank common stock for the one-year period ended and
the three-year period ended May 10, 2018. Sandler O’Neill then compared the relationship between the stock price performance of shares of State Bank
common stock to movements in the State Bank peer group (as described below) as well as certain stock indices.

State Bank One-Year Stock Price Performance
 

   May 10, 2017  May 10, 2018 
State Bank    100%   124.9% 
State Bank Peer Group    100%   113.2% 
NASDAQ Bank Index    100%   114.7% 
S&P 500 Index    100%   113.5% 

State Bank Three-Year Stock Price Performance
 

   May 10, 2015  May 10, 2018 
State Bank    100%   165.8% 
State Bank Peer Group    100%   207.6% 
NASDAQ Bank Index    100%   157.7% 
S&P 500 Index    100%   128.7% 

Sandler O’Neill reviewed the historical stock price performance of Cadence Class A common stock for the one-year period ended May 10, 2018 and for
the period beginning with Cadence’s initial public offering date of April 12, 2017 and ended May 10, 2018. Sandler O’Neill then compared the
relationship between the stock price performance of Cadence’s shares to movements in the Cadence peer group (as described below) as well as certain
stock indices.

Cadence One-Year Stock Price Performance
 

   May 10, 2017  May 10, 2018 
Cadence    100%   135.2% 
Cadence Peer Group    100%   109.7% 
NASDAQ Bank Index    100%   114.7% 
S&P 500 Index    100%   113.5% 

Cadence Stock Price Performance Since IPO
 

   April 12, 2017  May 10, 2018 
Cadence    100%   150.3% 
Cadence Peer Group    100%   112.0% 
NASDAQ Bank Index    100%   118.0% 
S&P 500 Index    100%   116.1% 

Comparable Company Analyses. Sandler O’Neill used publicly available information to compare selected financial information for State Bank with a
group of financial institutions selected by Sandler O’Neill, which we refer to, for purposes of this section, as the State Bank peer group. The State Bank
peer group consisted of major exchange traded banks and thrifts headquartered in the Southeast region with total assets between $2.0 billion and
$10.0 billion, return on average assets for the most recent quarter greater than 0.75% and nonperforming assets / total assets less than 2.00%, excluding
announced merger targets. The State Bank peer group consisted of the following companies:
 

Ameris Bancorp   HomeTrust Bancshares, Inc.
ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc.   National Commerce Corp.

Seacoast Banking Corp. of FL   Access National Corp.
First Bancorp   Southern National Bancorp of VA

FB Financial Corp.   First Community Bancshares, Inc.
City Holding Co.   First Bancshares, Inc.

Franklin Financial Network, Inc.   
 

87



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 96/178

Table of Contents

The analysis compared publicly available financial information for State Bank and the State Bank peer group as of or for the twelve months ended
March 31, 2018, or for the most recent quarter, which we refer to as MRQ, with pricing data as of May 10, 2018. The table below sets forth the data for
State Bank and the high, low, median and mean data for the State Bank peer group.
 

   State Bank   

State
Bank
Peer

Group
Median   

State
Bank
Peer

Group
Mean    

State
Bank
Peer

Group
High    

State
Bank
Peer

Group
Low  

Market Capitalization ($mm)    1,296    778    1,011    2,315    408 
Price / Tangible Book Value (%)    234    240    243    377    138 
Price / LTM Earnings per Share (x)    24.7    23.9    26.4    65.3    15.8 
Price / Last Quarter Annualized Earnings per Share (x)    18.8    17.6    17.6    24.7    11.8 
Price / 2018E Earnings per Share (x)    14.8    15.8    15.8    19.8    12.7 
Price / 52-Week High (%)    99.5    95.7    94.3    99.0    81.0 
Dividend Yield (%)    2.4    1.0    1.3    2.5    0.0 
Dividend Payout (%)    46.3    19.0    42.0    123.1    2.9 
Total Assets ($mm)    4,892    4,084    4,322    8,023    2,299 
Loans / Deposits (%)    86.5    91.5    91.8    112.2    68.8 
Tangible Common Equity / Tangible Assets (%)    11.50    9.10    9.36    11.44    7.24 
MRQ Return on Average Assets (%)    1.43    1.26    1.31    1.88    0.76 
MRQ Return on Average Equity (%)    10.81    10.37    11.16    21.11    6.16 
MRQ Return on Average Tangible Common Equity (%)    12.68    14.74    14.90    21.65    7.13 
MRQ Net Interest Margin (%)    4.79    3.75    3.83    4.73    2.67 
MRQ Efficiency Ratio (%)    57.1    57.4    56.7    66.0    34.3 
Non-performing Assets / Total Assets (%) (1)    0.47    0.78    0.76    1.38    0.12 
 
(1) Nonperforming assets defined as nonaccrual loans and leases, renegotiated loans and leases and real estate owned

Sandler O’Neill used publicly available information to perform a similar analysis for Cadence and a group of financial institutions selected by Sandler
O’Neill, which we refer to, for purposes of this section, as the Cadence peer group. The Cadence peer group consisted of major exchange traded banks
and thrifts headquartered in the Southeast and Southwest regions with total assets between $7.5 billion and $20.0 billion, excluding announced merger
targets. The Cadence peer group consisted of the following companies.
 

United Bankshares, Inc.   FCB Financial Holdings, Inc.
BancorpSouth Bank   TowneBank

Simmons First National Corp.   CenterState Bank Corp.
South State Corporation   WesBanco, Inc.
Home BancShares, Inc.   Renasant Corp.

Trustmark Corp.   LegacyTexas Finanial Group, Inc.
Hilltop Holdings, Inc.   Independent Bank Group, Inc.

Union Bankshares Corp.   Ameris Bancorp
United Community Banks, Inc.   BancFirst Corp.
International Bancshares Corp.   First Financial Bankshares

 
88



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 97/178

Table of Contents

The analysis compared publicly available financial information for Cadence and the Cadence peer group as of or for the twelve months ended March 31,
2018, or for the MRQ, with pricing data as of May 10, 2018. The table below sets forth the data for Cadence and the high, low, median and mean data
for the Cadence peer group.
 

   Cadence    

Cadence
Peer

Group
Median    

Cadence
Peer

Group
Mean    

Cadence
Peer

Group
High    

Cadence
Peer

Group
Low  

Market Capitalization ($mm)    2,514    2,616    2,681    4,090    1,924 
Price / Tangible Book Value (%)    244    254    259    446    134 
Price / LTM Earnings per Share (x)    21.9    22.0    22.7    31.4    15.7 
Price / Last Quarter Annualized Earnings per Share (x)    16.3    17.7    18.9    40.4    13.2 
Price / 2018E Earnings per Share (x)    14.9    15.3    15.6    24.7    13.0 
Price / 52-Week High (%)    98.6    97.1    95.0    99.8    80.4 
Dividend Yield (%)    1.7    1.6    1.7    3.9    0.7 
Dividend Payout (%)    9.1    33.0    34.7    80.2    14.3 
Total Assets ($mm)    10,999    11,866    11,935    18,620    7,567 
Loans / Deposits (%)    95.6    91.5    88.7    109.2    60.3 
Tangible Common Equity / Tangible Assets (%)    9.65    9.21    9.50    13.14    7.94 
MRQ Return on Average Assets (%)    1.42    1.34    1.32    2.05    0.51 
MRQ Return on Average Equity (%)    11.57    9.51    9.80    14.53    3.65 
MRQ Return on Average Tangible Common Equity (%)    15.51    14.43    14.58    23.95    5.84 
MRQ Net Interest Margin (%)    3.59    3.72    3.77    4.40    3.16 
MRQ Efficiency Ratio (%)    49.6    54.8    55.9    90.3    37.9 
Non-performing Assets / Total Assets (%) (1)    0.84    0.48    0.54    1.03    0.23 
 
(1) Nonperforming assets defined as nonaccrual loans and leases, renegotiated loans and leases and real estate owned

Analysis of Selected Merger Transactions. Sandler O’Neill reviewed a group of recent merger and acquisition transactions consisting of bank and thrift
transactions where targets were headquartered in the Southeast region and announced between January 1, 2016 and May 10, 2018 with disclosed deal
values and target total assets between $2.0 billion and $10.0 billion, which we refer to as the regional precedent transactions. Sandler O’Neill also
reviewed a national group of recent merger and acquisition transactions consisting of bank and thrift transactions announced between January 1, 2016
and May 10, 2018 with disclosed deal values and target total assets between $2.0 billion and $10.0 billion, which we refer to as the nationwide precedent
transactions.

The regional precedent transactions group was composed of the following transactions:
 

Buyer   Target
Renasant Corporation   Brand Group Holdings, Inc.
Banco de Credito e Inversiones SA   TotalBank
Arvest Bank Group, Inc.   Bear State Financial, Inc.
Valley National Bancorp   USAmeriBancorp, Inc.
Union Bankshares Corporation   Xenith Bankshares, Inc.
Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc.   WashingtonFirst Bankshares, Inc.
South State Corporation   Park Sterling Corporation
Home BancShares, Inc.   Stonegate Bank
IBERIABANK Corporation   Sabadell United Bank, N.A.
Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc.   BNC Bancorp
United Bankshares, Inc.   Cardinal Financial Corporation
F.N.B. Corporation   Yadkin Financial Corporation

 
89



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 98/178

Table of Contents

Using the latest publicly available information prior to the announcement of the relevant transaction, Sandler O’Neill reviewed the following transaction
metrics: transaction price to last twelve months earnings, transaction price to forward earnings, transaction price to tangible book value, transaction price
to adjusted tangible book value, core deposit premium and one-day market premium. Sandler O’Neill compared the indicated transaction multiples for
the merger to the high, low, mean and median multiples of the regional precedent transactions group.
 

  
State Bank /

Cadence   

Regional
Precedent

Transactions
Median   

Regional
Precedent

Transactions
Mean   

Regional
Precedent

Transactions
High   

Regional
Precedent

Transactions
Low  

Transaction Price / LTM Earnings:   26.8x   22.6x   23.5x   38.1x   16.7x 
Transaction Price / Forward Earnings:   16.4x   19.4x   20.9x   27.5x   17.0x 
Transaction Price / Tangible Book Value:   247%   235%   227%   271%   156% 
Transaction Price / Adjusted Tangible Book Value (1):   288%   234%   230%   292%   173% 
Core Deposit Premium:

  
21.5% (3) /
20.2% (2)

 
   16.2%   16.1%   22.1%   9.2% 

1-Day Market Premium / (Discount):   5.3%   9.9%   15.1%   60.9%   1.5% 
 
(1) Tangible book value adjusted to 9.00% tangible common equity / tangible asset ratio and assumes a dollar-for-dollar payout in excess of 9.00%

tangible common equity / tangible assets or a dollar-for-dollar increase to deal value and tangible common equity in shortfall of 9.00% tangible
common equity / tangible assets

(2) Core deposits defined as total deposits less time deposits greater than $250,000
(3) Core deposits defined as total deposits less time deposits greater than $100,000

The nationwide precedent transactions group was composed of the following transactions:
 

Buyer   Target
Renasant Corporation   Brand Group Holdings, Inc.
CVB Financial Corp.   Community Bank
Pacific Premier Bancorp, Inc.   Grandpoint Capital, Inc.
Banco de Credito e Inversiones SA   TotalBank
Arvest Bank Group, Inc.   Bear State Financial, Inc.
Old National Bancorp   Anchor Bancorp, Inc.
Valley National Bancorp   USAmeriBancorp, Inc.
First Financial Bancorp.   MainSource Financial Group, Inc.
Associated Banc-Corp   Bank Mutual Corporation
OceanFirst Financial Corp.   Sun Bancorp, Inc.
Union Bankshares Corporation   Xenith Bankshares, Inc.
Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc.   Commerce Bancshares Corp.
Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc.   WashingtonFirst Bankshares, Inc.
South State Corporation   Park Sterling Corporation
PacWest Bancorp   CU Bancorp
Home BancShares, Inc.   Stonegate Bank
IBERIABANK Corporation   Sabadell United Bank, N.A.
Simmons First National Corporation   First Texas BHC, Inc.
Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc.   BNC Bancorp
Columbia Banking System, Inc.   Pacific Continental Corporation
Simmons First National Corporation   Southwest Bancorp, Inc.

 
90



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 99/178

Table of Contents

Buyer   Target
Independent Bank Group, Inc.   Carlile Bancshares, Inc.
First Interstate BancSystem, Inc.   Cascade Bancorp
United Bankshares, Inc.   Cardinal Financial Corporation
Sunflower Financial, Inc.   Strategic Growth Bancorp, Incorporated
F.N.B. Corporation   Yadkin Financial Corporation
First Midwest Bancorp, Inc.   Standard Bancshares, Inc.
People’s United Financial, Inc.   Suffolk Bancorp
Chemical Financial Corporation   Talmer Bancorp, Inc.
Old National Bancorp   Anchor BanCorp Wisconsin Inc.

Using the latest publicly available information prior to the announcement of the relevant transaction, Sandler O’Neill reviewed the following transaction
metrics: transaction price to last twelve months earnings, transaction price to forward earnings, transaction price to tangible book value, transaction price
to adjusted tangible book value, core deposit premium and one-day market premium. Sandler O’Neill compared the indicated transaction multiples for
the merger to the high, low, mean and median multiples of the nationwide precedent transactions group.
 

  
State Bank /

Cadence   

Nationwide
Precedent

Transactions
Median   

Nationwide
Precedent

Transactions
Mean   

Nationwide
Precedent

Transactions
High   

Nationwide
Precedent

Transactions
Low  

Transaction Price / LTM Earnings:   26.8x   22.8x   24.7x   48.7x   14.1x 
Transaction Price / Forward Earnings:   16.4x   21.8x   24.8x   63.2x   12.7x 
Transaction Price / Tangible Book Value:   247%   220%   214%   325%   121% 
Transaction Price / Adjusted Tangible Book Value (1):   288%   222%   218%   306%   129% 
Core Deposit Premium:

  
21.5% (3) /
20.2% (2)

 
   15.1%   14.1%   22.2%   3.0% 

1-Day Market Premium / (Discount):   5.3%   9.9%   15.5%   60.9%   (7.1%) 
 
(1) Tangible book value adjusted to 9.00% tangible common equity / tangible asset ratio and assumes a dollar-for-dollar payout in excess of 9.00%

tangible common equity / tangible assets or a dollar-for-dollar increase to deal value and tangible common equity in shortfall of 9.00% tangible
common equity / tangible assets

(2) Core deposits defined as total deposits less time deposits greater than $250,000
(3) Core deposits defined as total deposits less time deposits greater than $100,000

Net Present Value Analyses. Sandler O’Neill performed an analysis that estimated the per share net present value of State Bank common stock
assuming State Bank performed in accordance with publicly available consensus median analyst earnings per share and dividends per share estimates for
State Bank for the years ending December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2019, as well as a long-term earnings growth rate and dividends per share for the
years thereafter, as provided by the senior management of State Bank. To approximate the terminal value per share of State Bank common stock at
December 31, 2022, Sandler O’Neill applied price to 2022 earnings per share multiples ranging from 14.0x to 19.0x and price to December 31, 2022
tangible book value per share multiples ranging from 200% to 275%. The terminal values were then discounted to present values using different
discount rates ranging from 9.0% to 13.0% which were chosen to reflect different assumptions regarding required rates of return of holders or
prospective buyers of State Bank common stock. As illustrated in the following tables, the analysis indicated an imputed range of per share values of
State Bank common stock of $27.23 to $42.34 when applying multiples of earnings and $28.50 to $44.92 when applying multiples of tangible book
value.
 

91



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 100/178

Table of Contents

Earnings Per Share Multiples
 
Discount
Rate   14.0x    15.0x    16.0x    17.0x    18.0x    19.0x  
9.0%   $32.07   $34.12   $36.18   $38.23   $40.28   $42.34 
10.0%   $30.77   $32.73   $34.70   $36.66   $38.63   $40.60 
11.0%   $29.53   $31.41   $33.29   $35.18   $37.06   $38.94 
12.0%   $28.35   $30.15   $31.96   $33.76   $35.57   $37.37 
13.0%   $27.23   $28.96   $30.69   $32.42   $34.15   $35.88 

Tangible Book Value Per Share Multiples
 
Discount
Rate   200%    215%    230%    245%    260%    275%  
9.0%   $33.58   $35.85   $38.11   $40.38   $42.65   $44.92 
10.0%   $32.21   $34.38   $36.55   $38.73   $40.90   $43.07 
11.0%   $30.91   $32.99   $35.07   $37.15   $39.23   $41.31 
12.0%   $29.67   $31.67   $33.66   $35.66   $37.65   $39.64 
13.0%   $28.50   $30.41   $32.32   $34.23   $36.15   $38.06 

Sandler O’Neill also considered and discussed with the State Bank board of directors how this analysis would be affected by changes in the underlying
assumptions, including variations with respect to net income. To illustrate this impact, Sandler O’Neill performed a similar analysis assuming State
Bank’s net income varied from 20% above estimates to 20% below estimates. This analysis resulted in the following range of values per State Bank
common share, applying the price to 2022 earnings per share multiples range of 14.0x to 19.0x referred to above and a discount rate of 10.21%.

Earnings Per Share Multiples
 
Annual
Budget
Variance   14.0x    15.0x    16.0x    17.0x    18.0x    19.0x  
(20.0%)   $25.05   $26.61   $28.17   $29.73   $31.28   $32.84 
(10.0%)   $27.78   $29.53   $31.28   $33.04   $34.79   $36.55 
0.0%   $30.50   $32.45   $34.40   $36.35   $38.30   $40.25 
10.0%   $33.23   $35.38   $37.52   $39.66   $41.81   $43.95 
20.0%   $35.96   $38.30   $40.64   $42.98   $45.31   $47.65 

Sandler O’Neill also performed an analysis that estimated the net present value per share of Cadence Class A common stock assuming that Cadence
performed in accordance with publicly available consensus median analyst earnings per share and dividends per share estimates for Cadence for the
years ending December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2019, as well as a long-term earnings growth rate and dividend payout ratio for the years thereafter,
as provided by the senior management of Cadence. To approximate the per share terminal value of Cadence Class A common stock at December 31,
2022, Sandler O’Neill applied price to 2022 earnings per share multiples ranging from 14.0x to 19.0x and price to December 31, 2022 tangible book
value per share multiples ranging from 220% to 270%. The terminal values were then discounted to present values using different discount rates ranging
from 9.0% to 13.0% chosen to reflect different assumptions regarding required rates of return of holders or prospective buyers of Cadence Class A
common stock. As illustrated in the following tables, the analysis indicated an imputed range of values per share of Cadence Class A common stock of
$24.29 to $38.14 when applying multiples of earnings per share and $28.34 to $40.59 when applying multiples of tangible book value per share.
 

92



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 101/178

Table of Contents

Earnings Per Share Multiples
 
Discount
Rate   14.0x    15.0x    16.0x    17.0x    18.0x    19.0x  
9.0%   $28.66   $30.56   $32.45   $34.35   $36.24   $38.14 
10.0%   $27.48   $29.30   $31.11   $32.93   $34.74   $36.56 
11.0%   $26.37   $28.10   $29.84   $31.58   $33.32   $35.06 
12.0%   $25.30   $26.97   $28.63   $30.30   $31.96   $33.63 
13.0%   $24.29   $25.89   $27.48   $29.08   $30.68   $32.27 

Tangible Book Value Per Share Multiples
 
Discount
Rate   220%    230%    240%    250%    260%    270%  
9.0%   $33.47   $34.89   $36.32   $37.74   $39.16   $40.59 
10.0%   $32.09   $33.45   $34.81   $36.18   $37.54   $38.90 
11.0%   $30.78   $32.08   $33.39   $34.69   $36.00   $37.30 
12.0%   $29.53   $30.78   $32.03   $33.28   $34.53   $35.78 
13.0%   $28.34   $29.54   $30.74   $31.94   $33.14   $34.34 

Sandler O’Neill also considered and discussed with the State Bank board of directors how this analysis would be affected by changes in the underlying
assumptions, including variations with respect to net income. To illustrate this impact, Sandler O’Neill performed a similar analysis assuming Cadence’s
net income varied from 20% above estimates to 20% below estimates. This analysis resulted in the following range of per share values for Cadence
shares, applying the price to 2022 earnings per share multiples range of 14.0x to 19.0x referred to above and a discount rate of 9.14%.

Earnings Per Share Multiples
 
Annual
Budget
Variance   14.0x    15.0x    16.0x    17.0x    18.0x    19.0x  
(20.0%)   $23.22   $24.73   $26.23   $27.74   $29.25   $30.75 
(10.0%)   $25.86   $27.55   $29.25   $30.94   $32.64   $34.33 
0.0%   $28.49   $30.38   $32.26   $34.14   $36.03   $37.91 
10.0%   $31.13   $33.20   $35.27   $37.35   $39.42   $41.49 
20.0%   $33.77   $36.03   $38.29   $40.55   $42.81   $45.07 

Sandler O’Neill noted that the net present value analysis is a widely used valuation methodology, but the results of such methodology are highly
dependent upon the numerous assumptions that must be made, and the results thereof are not necessarily indicative of actual values or future results.

Pro Forma Merger Analysis. Sandler O’Neill analyzed certain potential pro forma effects of the merger, assuming the merger closes at the end of the
fourth calendar quarter of 2018. In performing this analysis, Sandler O’Neill utilized the pro forma assumptions, as provided by the senior management
of Cadence. The analysis indicated that the merger could be accretive to Cadence’s estimated earnings per share (excluding one-time transaction costs
and expenses) in the year ending December 31, 2019, December 31, 2020, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022; dilutive to Cadence’s estimated
tangible book value per share at closing, December 31, 2019 and December 31, 2020 and accretive to Cadence’s estimated tangible book value per share
at December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022.

In connection with this analysis, Sandler O’Neill considered and discussed with the State Bank board of directors how the analysis would be affected by
changes in the underlying assumptions, including the impact of final purchase accounting adjustments determined at the closing of the transaction, and
noted that the actual results achieved by the combined company may vary from projected results and the variations may be material.
 

93



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 102/178

Table of Contents

Sandler O’Neill’s Relationship. Sandler O’Neill acted as financial advisor to State Bank in connection with the merger. State Bank has agreed to pay
Sandler O’Neill a transaction fee in an amount equal to 0.45% of the aggregate merger consideration, which transaction fee is contingent upon the
closing of the merger. At the time of announcement, based on Cadence’s closing price of $30.06 as of May 10, 2018, Sandler O’Neill’s transaction fee
was approximately $6.1 million. Sandler O’Neill also received a $250,000 fee upon rendering its fairness opinion to the State Bank board of directors,
which opinion fee will be credited in full towards the transaction fee which will become payable to Sandler O’Neill on the day the merger closes. State
Bank has also agreed to indemnify Sandler O’Neill against certain claims and liabilities arising out of its engagement and to reimburse Sandler O’Neill
for certain of its out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with its engagement.

Sandler O’Neill did not provide any other investment banking services to State Bank in the two years preceding the date of its opinion. As the State
Bank board of directors was aware, in the two years preceding the date of its opinion, Sandler O’Neill provided certain investment banking services to
Cadence and received fees for such services. Prior to the date of the fairness opinion, Sandler O’Neill acted as (i) a joint passive book runner in
connection with Cadence’s initial public offering of Class A common stock, which transaction closed in April 2017, for which Sandler O’Neill received
approximately $860,000, (ii) a co-manager in connection with the offer and sale of Cadence Class A common stock by Cadence Bancorp, LLC, which
transaction closed in November 2017, for which Sandler O’Neill received approximately $27,000, and (iii) a joint book-running manager in connection
with the offer and sale of Cadence Class A common stock by Cadence Bancorp, LLC, which transaction closed in February 2018, for which Sandler
O’Neill received approximately $835,000. After the Sandler O’Neill fairness opinion was rendered, with State Bank’s knowledge, Cadence requested
Sandler O’Neill to act as a joint book-running manager in connection with Cadence’s offer and sale of Cadence Class A common stock by Cadence
Bancorp, LLC. This transaction closed in late May 2018 and Sandler O’Neill expects to receive approximately $1.4 million. In the ordinary course of
Sandler O’Neill’s business as a broker-dealer, Sandler O’Neill may purchase securities from and sell securities to Cadence and its affiliates. Sandler
O’Neill may also actively trade the equity and debt securities of Cadence and its affiliates for its own account and for the accounts of its customers.

Opinion of FIG Partners, LLC

FIG Partners, LLC, which we refer to as FIG Partners, was engaged by the Independent Directors Committee of the State Bank board of directors by
letter dated May 4, 2018 to act as financial advisor and to render a fairness opinion for the Independent Directors Committee of the State Bank board of
directors in connection with a potential business combination with Cadence. FIG Partners delivered to the Independent Directors Committee of the State
Bank board of directors its opinion dated May 11, 2018 that, based upon and subject to the various considerations set forth in its written opinion, the
merger consideration to be paid to State Bank shareholders is fair to the State Bank shareholders from a financial point of view. In requesting FIG
Partners advice and opinion, no limitations were imposed by State Bank with respect to the investigations made or procedures followed by it in
rendering this opinion. The full text of the opinion of FIG Partners, which describes the procedures followed, assumptions made, matters
considered and limitations on the review undertaken, is attached hereto as Annex E. State Bank shareholders should read this opinion in its
entirety. FIG Partners’ opinion speaks only as of May 11, 2018, the date of the opinion.

FIG Partners is a nationally recognized investment banking firm and, as part of its investment banking business, it values financial institutions in
connection with mergers and acquisitions, private placements and for other purposes. As a specialist in securities of financial institutions, FIG Partners
has experience in, and knowledge of, banks, thrifts and bank and thrift holding companies. The Independent Directors Committee of the State Bank
board of directors selected FIG Partners to act as its financial advisor in connection with the merger on the basis of the firm’s reputation and expertise in
transactions such as the merger.

FIG Partners received a $350,000 fee from State Bank for performing its financial advisory services in connection with the merger and rendering a
written opinion to the Independent Directors Committee of the State Bank board of directors as to the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the
merger to State Bank
 

94



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 103/178

Table of Contents

shareholders. Further, State Bank has agreed to indemnify FIG Partners against any claims or liabilities arising out of FIG Partners’ engagement by State
Bank. As part of its investment banking business, FIG Partners is routinely engaged in the valuation of businesses and their securities in connection with
mergers and acquisitions, negotiated underwritings, competitive bidding, secondary distributions of listed and unlisted securities, private placements and
valuations for estate, corporate and other purposes. As specialists in the securities of banking companies, we have experience and knowledge of, the
valuation of banking institutions. This opinion has been reviewed by FIG Partners’ compliance officer and fairness committee consistent and with
internal policy. FIG Partners has not had a material relationship with or received compensation from State Bank or Cadence during the prior two years.

The following is a summary of the analyses performed by FIG Partners in connection with its fairness opinion. Certain analyses were confirmed in a
presentation to the Independent Directors Committee of the State Bank board of directors by FIG Partners. The summary set forth below does not
purport to be a complete description of either the analyses performed by FIG Partners in rendering its opinion or the presentation delivered by FIG
Partners to the Independent Directors Committee of the State Bank board of directors, but it does summarize all of the material analyses performed and
presented by FIG Partners.

The preparation of a fairness opinion involves various determinations as to the most appropriate and relevant methods of financial analyses and the
application of those methods to the particular circumstances. In arriving at its opinion, FIG Partners did not attribute any particular weight to any
analysis or factor considered by it, but rather made qualitative judgments as to the significance and relevance of each analysis and factor. FIG Partners
may have given various analyses more or less weight than other analyses. Accordingly, FIG Partners believes that its analyses and the following
summary must be considered as a whole and that selecting portions of its analyses, without considering all factors, could create an incomplete view of
the process underlying the analyses set forth in its report to the Independent Directors Committee of the State Bank board of directors and its fairness
opinion.

In performing its analyses, FIG Partners made numerous assumptions with respect to industry performance, general business and economic conditions
and other matters, many of which are beyond the control of State Bank or Cadence. The analyses performed by FIG Partners are not necessarily
indicative of actual value or actual future results, which may be significantly more or less favorable than suggested by such analyses. Such analyses
were prepared solely as part of FIG Partners’ analysis of the fairness of the merger consideration, from a financial point of view, to State Bank
shareholders. The analyses do not purport to be an appraisal or to reflect the prices at which a company might actually be sold or the prices at which any
securities may trade at the present time or at any time in the future. FIG Partners’ opinion does not address the relative merits of the merger as compared
to any other business combination in which State Bank might engage. In addition, as described above, FIG Partners’ opinion was one of many factors
taken into consideration by the Independent Directors Committee of the State Bank board of directors in making its determination to recommend that the
State Bank board determine that the merger agreement, including the merger, were advisable and in the best interests of the State Bank shareholders.

During the course of its engagement and as a basis for arriving at its opinion, FIG Partners reviewed and analyzed material bearing upon financial and
operating conditions of State Bank and Cadence and material prepared in connection with the merger, including, among other things, the following:
 

 (i) reviewed the merger agreement;
 

 
(ii) reviewed certain historical, publicly available business and financial information concerning State Bank and Cadence including, among

other things, quarterly and annual reports filed by the parties with the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and SEC;
 

 
(iii) held discussions with members or representatives of the senior management of State Bank for the purpose of reviewing future prospects of

the potential pro forma institution related to the respective businesses, earnings, assets, liabilities and the amount of and timing of cost
savings expected to be achieved as a result of the merger;

 
95



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 104/178

Table of Contents

 
(iv) reviewed the terms of recent merger and acquisition transactions, to the extent publicly available, involving banks, thrifts and bank and

thrift holding companies that FIG Partners considered relevant;
 

 (v) reviewed the current and historical financial results of State Bank and Cadence;
 

 
(vi) performed a comparison of certain State Bank and Cadence operating and trading information with other similar publicly traded

companies;
 

 
(vii) reviewed publicly-available consensus earnings estimates for State Bank and Cadence and assumed long term growth rates provided to us

by State Bank and Cadence representatives; and
 

 (viii) performed such other analyses and considered such other factors as FIG Partners has deemed appropriate.

FIG Partners also took into account its assessment of general economic, market and financial conditions and its experience in other transactions as well
as its knowledge of the banking industry and its general experience in securities valuation.

In performing its review, FIG Partners has assumed and relied upon, without independent verification, the accuracy and completeness of the financial
and other information and representations that was contained in the financials and other materials available from public sources, or that was provided to
it by State Bank and Cadence, or their respective representatives. FIG Partners further relied on the assurances of the management of State Bank and
Cadence that they were not aware of any facts or circumstances that would make any of such information inaccurate or misleading.

FIG Partners is not an expert in the evaluation of loan and lease portfolios for purposes of assessing the adequacy of the allowances for losses with
respect thereto and has assumed that such allowances for State Bank and Cadence are in the aggregate adequate to cover such losses. FIG Partners was
not retained to and did not conduct a physical inspection of any of the properties or facilities of State Bank and Cadence. In addition, FIG Partners has
not reviewed individual credit files nor has FIG Partners made an independent evaluation or appraisal of the assets and liabilities of State Bank and
Cadence or any of their respective subsidiaries and FIG Partners not furnished with any such evaluations or appraisals.

In preparing its analyses, FIG Partners used publicly available consensus mean analyst earnings per share estimates for State Bank for the years ending
December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2019 as well as an estimated long-term earnings per share growth rate for the years thereafter, as provided by
representatives of the senior management of State Bank. Additionally. FIG Partners used publicly available consensus mean analyst earnings per share
estimates for Cadence for the years ending December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2019 as well as an estimated long-term earnings per share growth rate
for the years thereafter, as provided by the representatives of senior management of Cadence and State Bank.

FIG Partners also received and relied upon in its pro forma analyses assumptions relating to transaction costs, purchase accounting, cost savings, core
deposit intangible assets, among other assumptions, as provided by representatives of State Bank. FIG Partners expressed no opinion as to such
information or the assumptions on which such information was based.

FIG Partners assumed that there had been no material change in the respective assets, financial condition, results of operations, business or prospects of
State Bank or Cadence since the date of the most recent financial data made available to FIG Partners. FIG Partners also assumed in all respects material
to its analysis that State Bank and Cadence would remain as going concerns for all periods relevant to its analyses.

Summary of Proposed Merger Consideration and Implied Transaction Metrics. FIG Partners reviewed the financial terms of the proposed transaction.
Based upon Cadence’s May 8, 2018 closing stock price of $29.89, and based upon State Bank’s 39,059,525 shares of common stock outstanding, FIG
Partners calculated an aggregate implied transaction value of approximately $1.354 billion, or a transaction price per share of $34.67. Based upon
financial information for State Bank as or for the last twelve months, which we refer to as
 

96



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 105/178

Table of Contents

LTM, ended March 31, 2018, unless otherwise noted, FIG Partners calculated the following implied transaction metrics:
 

Transaction Price / LTM Net Income:    26.5x 
Transaction Price / 2018 Mean Analyst Estimates Earnings Per Share:    15.6x
Transaction Price / Tangible Book Value Per Share:    245.5% 
Tangible Book Premium/Core Deposits¹:    22.9% 
Transaction Price / Total Assets:    18.6% 

 
(1) Tangible book premium to core deposits calculated as (deal value—tangible equity) / (core deposits); Core Deposits defined as total deposits less

time deposits.

Stock Trading History. FIG Partners reviewed historical publicly reported trading prices of Cadence Class A common stock for the last twelve month
period ended May 7, 2018. FIG Partners compared the relationship between the movements in the prices of Cadence Class A common stock to
movements in its respective peer groups (as described below in Comparable Company Analysis).

Cadence Last Twelve Months Stock Performance
 

   
Beginning

May 7, 2017  
Ending

May 7, 2018 
Cadence    100%   136% 
Cadence Peer Group    100%   108% 

FIG Partners reviewed the historical publicly reported trading prices of Cadence Class A common stock for the period ranging from November 1, 2016
to May 4, 2018 (since the 2016 United States Presidential Election). FIG Partners then compared the relationship between the movements in the prices
of Cadence Class A common stock to movements in the SNL U.S. Bank > $10B Index, and the NYSE U.S. Bank Index.

Cadence Stock Performance Since November 1, 2016
 

   
Beginning

November 1, 2016  
Ending

May 4, 2018 
Cadence    100%   149% 
SNL U.S. Bank > $10.0B    100%   140% 
NYSE U.S. Bank Index    100%   120% 

Comparable Company Analyses. FIG Partners used publicly available information to compare selected financial information for State Bank with a
group of financial institutions selected by FIG Partners, which we refer to, for purposes of this section, as the State Bank peer group. The State Bank
peer group consisted of publicly-traded holding companies, as defined by FIG Partners’ Research Group’s published reports on State Bank. The State
Bank peer group consisted of the following companies:
 

Pinnacle Financial Partners   Capital City Bank Group Inc.
South State Corporation   Seacoast Banking Corp. of FL
FCB Financial Holdings Inc.   First Bancorp
LegacyTexas Financial Group Inc.   Live Oak Bancshares Inc.
Pacific Premier Bancorp   Carolina Financial Corp.
United Community Banks Inc.   National Commerce Corp.
CenterState Bank Corp.   Fidelity Southern Corp.
ServisFirst Bancshares Inc.   Atlantic Capital Bancshares Inc.
Ameris Bancorp   Home Bancorp Inc.
Eagle Bancorp Inc.   

 
97



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 106/178

Table of Contents

The analysis compared selected financial information for State Bank with the corresponding publicly available data for the State Bank peer group as of
or for the twelve months ended March 31, 2018 (unless otherwise noted), with pricing data as of May 7, 2018. The table below sets forth the data for
State Bank and the high, low, median and mean data for the State Bank peer group.

State Bank Comparable Company Analysis
 

   State Bank  

State Bank
Peer

Group
Median   

State Bank
Peer

Group
Mean   

State Bank
Peer

Group
High   

State Bank
Peer

Group
Low  

Market Capitalization ($M)   $ 1,294  $ 1,908  $ 1,791  $ 5,042  $ 406 
Price/Tangible Book Value    234.1%   258.0%   252.4%   377.0%   157.6% 
Price/EPS    24.7x   22.7x   22.9x   31.1x   11.0x
Dividend Yield    2.4%   1.0%   1.0%   2.1%   0.0% 
Weekly Volume    1.3%   2.0%   2.2%   4.3%   0.7% 
Short Interest    1.4%   1.8%   2.4%   5.5%   0.3% 
Insider Ownership    9.2%   6.8%   11.0%   34.7%   3.0% 
Institutional Ownership    76.7%   70.7%   66.1%   94.1%   35.7% 
Last Twelve Months Return    27.2%   18.4%   16.5%   37.0%   -0.7% 
Total Assets ($M)   $ 4,892  $ 7,012  $ 7,680  $ 22,935  $ 2,207 
Total Loans ($M)   $ 3,666  $ 5,933  $ 5,696  $ 16,445  $ 1,643 
Total Deposits ($M)   $ 4,184  $ 5,977  $ 6,063  $ 16,503  $ 1,839 
Tangible Common Equity/ Tangible Assets    11.5%   9.2%   9.5%   12.9%   7.2% 
NPAs/Assets    0.47%   0.44%   0.55%   1.44%   0.11% 
Last Twelve Months ROAA    1.15%   1.05%   1.16%   4.26%   -0.07% 
Last Twelve Months ROAE    8.20%   8.45%   9.47%   30.24%   -0.60% 

Note: Financial data for the institutions in the State Bank peer group is not pro forma for any publicly announced and pending transactions.

FIG Partners used publicly available information to perform a similar analysis for Cadence and a group of financial institutions as selected by FIG
Partners, which we refer to, for purposes of this section, as the Cadence peer group. The Cadence peer group consisted of holding companies, banks and
thrifts whose securities are traded on the NYSE or NASDAQ with total assets between $9.0 billion and $12.0 billion headquartered in the U.S.,
excluding announced merger targets. The Cadence peer group consisted of the following companies:
 

Glacier Bancorp Inc.   WesBanco Inc.
Community Bank System Inc.   Banner Corp.
FCB Financial Holdings Inc.   Berkshire Hills Bancorp Inc.
BofI Holding Inc.   Capitol Federal Financial Inc.
CenterState Bank Corp.   Northwest Bancshares Inc.
Great Western Bancorp   Provident Financial Services
Banc of California Inc.   Customers Bancorp Inc.
Renasant Corp.   Heartland Financial USA Inc.
TowneBank   NBT Bancorp Inc.
First Merchants Corp.   

 
98



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 107/178

Table of Contents

The analysis compared financial information for Cadence with the corresponding publicly available data for the Cadence peer group as of or for the
twelve months ended March 31, 2018 (unless otherwise noted) with pricing data as of May 7, 2018. The table below sets forth the data for Cadence and
the high, low, median and mean data for the Cadence peer group.

Cadence Comparable Company Analysis
 

   Cadence   

Cadence
Peer

Group
Median   

Cadence
Peer

Group
Mean   

Cadence
Peer

Group
High   

Cadence
Peer

Group
Low  

Market Capitalization ($M)   $ 2,500  $ 2,108  $ 2,082  $ 3,243  $ 938 
Price/Tangible Book Value    242.7%   241.3%   230.6%   371.3%   129.9% 
Price/EPS    21.8x   19.5x   21.4x   34.0x   15.4x
Dividend Yield    1.7%   2.4%   2.3%   4.1%   1.0% 
Weekly Volume    1.7%   2.2%   2.5%   7.7%   1.1% 
Short Interest    1.5%   2.4%   4.8%   23.5%   0.7% 
Insider Ownership    65.9%   3.8%   5.1%   16.3%   0.5% 
Institutional Ownership    27.4%   73.9%   74.9%   115.1%   38.9% 
Last Twelve Months Return    35.7%   8.0%   10.1%   64.5%   -8.9% 
Total Assets ($M)   $10,999  $10,317  $10,410  $11,992  $ 9,117 
Total Loans ($M)   $ 8,684  $ 7,703  $ 7,637  $ 9,338  $ 6,336 
Total Deposits ($M)   $ 9,049  $ 7,986  $ 7,963  $ 9,486  $ 5,354 
Tangible Common Equity/ Tangible Assets    9.6%   9.2%   9.0%   15.0%   6.4% 
NPAs/Assets    0.84%   0.38%   0.49%   1.56%   0.17% 
Last Twelve Months ROAA    1.11%   1.03%   1.03%   1.68%   0.48% 
Last Twelve Months ROAE    8.74%   8.16%   8.39%   17.09%   4.82% 

Note: Financial data for the institutions in the Cadence peer group is not pro forma for any publicly announced and pending transactions.

Analysis of Selected Merger Transactions. FIG Partners reviewed a group of selected merger and acquisition transactions, which we refer to as the
comparable transactions group. The comparable transactions group consisted of nationwide holding company, bank and thrift transactions with disclosed
deal value and target total assets between $3.0 billion and $8.0 billion announced between January 1, 2016 and May 7, 2018, excluding mergers of
equals transactions and transactions where less than 100% of the stock was acquired. The comparable transactions group was composed of the following
transactions:
 
Buyer   Target
CVB Financial Corp.   Community Bank
Pacific Premier Bancorp   Grandpoint Capital Inc.
Banco de Credito e Inversiones   TotalBank
Valley National Bancorp   USAmeriBancorp Inc.
First Financial Bancorp   MainSource Financial Group
Union Bankshares Corp   Xenith Bankshares Inc.
South State Corporation   Park Sterling Corporation
PacWest Bancorp   CU Bancorp
IBERIABANK Corp.   Sabadell United Bank N.A.
Pinnacle Financial Partners   BNC Bancorp
First Interstate BancSystem   Cascade Bancorp
United Bancshares Inc.   Cardinal Financial Corp.
F.N.B. Corp.   Yadkin Financial Corporation
 

99



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 108/178

Table of Contents

FIG Partners reviewed the following transaction metrics: transaction price to last-twelve-months earnings per share, transaction price to estimated
earnings per share, transaction price to tangible book value per share and tangible book premium to core deposits. FIG Partners also reviewed the
following target financials: total assets, non-performing assets to total assets, tangible common equity to tangible assets and last-twelve-months return
on average assets. FIG Partners compared the indicated transaction multiples and target financials for the merger to the high, low, mean and median
multiples of the comparable transactions group.
 

   
State Bank/

Cadence   

Precedent
Transactions

Median   

Precedent
Transactions

Mean   

Precedent
Transactions

High   

Precedent
Transactions

Low  
Deal Value ($M)   $ 1,354  $ 852.1  $ 905.5  $ 1,732  $ 528.1 
Transaction price/Tangible book value per share:    245.5%   232.1%   224.6%   271.7%   155.7% 
Transaction price/Earnings per share    26.5x   22.4x   21.5x   27.4x   10.1x
Transaction price/Total assets    18.6%   21.0%   20.9%   24.9%   17.4% 
Core deposit premium    22.9%   18.4%   17.1%   22.2%   11.7% 
Target Total Assets ($M)   $ 4,892  $ 3,747  $ 4,314  $ 7,455  $ 3,042 
Target NPAs/Assets    0.47%   0.54%   0.64%   1.82%   0.01% 
Target TCE/TA    11.50%   8.98%   9.50%   13.89%   7.42% 
Target LTM ROAA    1.15%   0.90%   0.99%   2.16%   0.59% 

Net Present Value Analyses. FIG Partners performed an analysis that estimated the net present value per share of State Bank common stock assuming
State Bank performed in accordance with publicly available consensus mean analyst earnings per share estimates for the years ending December 31,
2018 and December 31, 2019 and an estimated earnings per share growth rate for the years thereafter, as provided by the senior management of State
Bank, as well as a projected dividend growth rate, as discussed with and confirmed by senior management of State Bank. To approximate the terminal
value of a share of State Bank common stock at December 31, 2022, FIG Partners applied price to 2022 earnings multiples ranging from 16.0x to 20.0x
and multiples of December 31, 2022 tangible book value ranging from 220% to 260%. The terminal values were then discounted to present values using
discount rates ranging from 11.0% to 13.0%. The discount rates selected by FIG Partners were intended to reflect different assumptions regarding
required rates of return of holders or prospective buyers of State Bank common stock. The analysis and the underlying assumptions yielded a range of
values per share of State Bank common stock of $30.76 to $41.00 when applying multiples of earnings and $31.17 to $39.46 when applying multiples of
tangible book value.

Earnings Per Share Multiples
 
Discount
Rate   16.0x    17.0x    18.0x    19.0x    20.0x  
11.0%   $33.37   $35.28   $37.18   $39.09   $41.00 
11.5%   $32.69   $34.56   $36.43   $38.29   $40.16 
12.0%   $32.03   $33.86   $35.69   $37.51   $39.34 
12.5%   $31.39   $33.17   $34.96   $36.75   $38.54 
13.0%   $30.76   $32.51   $34.26   $36.01   $37.77 

Tangible Book Value Multiples
 
Discount
Rate   220%    230%    240%    250%    260%  
11.0%   $33.82   $35.23   $36.64   $38.05   $39.46 
11.5%   $33.14   $34.51   $35.89   $37.27   $38.65 
12.0%   $32.47   $33.82   $35.16   $36.51   $37.86 
12.5%   $31.81   $33.13   $34.45   $35.77   $37.10 
13.0%   $31.17   $32.47   $33.76   $35.05   $36.35 
 

100



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 109/178

Table of Contents

FIG Partners also considered how this analysis would be affected by variations with respect to net income. FIG Partners performed a similar analysis
assuming State Bank’s net income varied from 15% above estimates to 15% below estimates. This analysis resulted in the following ranges of per share
values for State Bank common stock, applying the price to 2022 earnings multiples range of 16.0x to 20.0x and the price to 2022 tangible book value
range of 220% to 260% referred to above and a discount rate of 12.00%.

Earnings Per Share Multiples
 
Annual Budget
Variance   16.0x    17.0x    18.0x    19.0x    20.0x  
(15.0%)   $27.64   $29.20   $30.75   $32.30   $33.86 
(10.0%)   $29.11   $30.75   $32.40   $34.04   $35.69 
(5.0%)   $30.57   $32.30   $34.04   $35.78   $37.51 
0.0%   $32.03   $33.86   $35.69   $37.51   $39.34 
5.0%   $33.49   $35.41   $37.33   $39.25   $41.17 
10.0%   $34.95   $36.96   $38.98   $40.99   $43.00 
15.0%   $36.42   $38.52   $40.62   $42.72   $44.82 

Tangible Book Value Multiples
 
Annual Budget
Variance   220%    230%    240%    250%    260%  
(15.0%)   $30.01   $31.24   $32.48   $33.72   $34.95 
(10.0%)   $30.83   $32.10   $33.37   $34.65   $35.92 
(5.0%)   $31.65   $32.96   $34.27   $35.58   $36.89 
0.0%   $32.47   $33.82   $35.16   $36.51   $37.86 
5.0%   $33.29   $34.67   $36.06   $37.45   $38.83 
10.0%   $34.11   $35.53   $36.95   $38.38   $39.80 
15.0%   $34.93   $36.39   $37.85   $39.31   $40.77 

FIG Partners also performed an analysis that estimated the net present value per share of Cadence Class A common stock assuming that Cadence
performed in accordance with publicly available consensus mean analyst earnings per share estimates for Cadence for the years ending December 31,
2018 and December 31, 2019 as well as an estimated earnings per share growth rate and estimated dividends for the years thereafter, as provided by the
senior management of Cadence. To approximate the terminal value of Cadence Class A common stock at December 31, 2022, FIG Partners applied price
to 2022 earnings multiples ranging from 16.0x to 20.0x and multiples of December 31, 2022 tangible book value ranging from 230% to 270%. The
terminal values were then discounted to present values using different discount rates ranging from 11.0% to 13.0%. Discount rates were chosen to reflect
different assumptions regarding required rates of return of holders or prospective buyers of Cadence Class A common stock. The analysis indicated an
imputed range of values per share of Cadence Class A common stock of $30.14 to $40.41 when applying earnings multiples and $29.79 to $37.63 when
applying multiples of tangible book value.

Earnings Per Share Multiples
 
Discount
Rate   16.0x    17.0x    18.0x    19.0x    20.0x  
11.0%   $32.73   $34.65   $36.57   $38.49   $40.41 
11.5%   $32.06   $33.94   $35.82   $37.70   $39.58 
12.0%   $31.40   $33.24   $35.08   $36.92   $38.76 
12.5%   $30.76   $32.56   $34.36   $36.17   $37.97 
13.0%   $30.14   $31.90   $33.67   $35.43   $37.19 
 

101



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 110/178

Table of Contents

Tangible Book Value Multiples
 
Discount
Rate   230%    240%    250%    260%    270%  
11.0%   $32.35   $33.67   $34.99   $36.31   $37.63 
11.5%   $31.69   $32.98   $34.27   $35.56   $36.85 
12.0%   $31.04   $32.30   $33.57   $34.83   $36.10 
12.5%   $30.41   $31.64   $32.88   $34.12   $35.36 
13.0%   $29.79   $31.00   $32.21   $33.43   $34.64 

FIG Partners also considered how this analysis would be affected by variations with respect to net income. To illustrate this impact, FIG Partners
performed a similar analysis assuming Cadence’s net income varied from 15% above estimates to 15% below estimates. This analysis resulted in the
following range of per share values for Cadence Class A common stock, applying the price to 2022 earnings multiples range of 16.0x to 20.0x and the
price to 2022 tangible book value range of 230% to 270% referred to above and a discount rate of 12.00%.

Earnings Per Share Multiples
 
Annual
Budget
Variance   16.0x    17.0x    18.0x    19.0x    20.0x  
(15.0%)   $26.98   $28.55   $30.11   $31.68   $33.24 
(10.0%)   $28.46   $30.11   $31.77   $33.43   $35.08 
(5.0%)   $29.93   $31.68   $33.43   $35.17   $36.92 
0.0%   $31.40   $33.24   $35.08   $36.92   $38.76 
5.0%   $32.87   $34.81   $36.74   $38.67   $40.60 
10.0%   $34.35   $36.37   $38.39   $40.42   $42.44 
15.0%   $35.82   $37.93   $40.05   $42.17   $44.28 

Tangible Book Value Multiples
 
Annual
Budget
Variance   230%    240%    250%    260%    270%  
(15.0%)   $28.62   $29.78   $30.93   $32.09   $33.25 
(10.0%)   $29.42   $30.62   $31.81   $33.01   $34.20 
(5.0%)   $30.23   $31.46   $32.69   $33.92   $35.15 
0.0%   $31.04   $32.30   $33.57   $34.83   $36.10 
5.0%   $31.85   $33.14   $34.44   $35.74   $37.04 
10.0%   $32.65   $33.99   $35.32   $36.66   $37.99 
15.0%   $33.46   $34.83   $36.20   $37.57   $38.94 

In connection with its analyses, FIG Partners considered and discussed with the Independent Directors Committee of the State Bank board of directors
how the present value analyses would be affected by changes in the underlying assumptions. FIG Partners noted that the net present value analysis is a
widely used valuation methodology, but the results of such methodology are highly dependent upon the numerous assumptions that must be made, and
the results thereof are not necessarily indicative of actual values or future results.

Pro Forma Merger Analysis. FIG performed a pro forma merger analysis that combined projected income statement and balance sheet information of
State Bank and Cadence. FIG analyzed the estimated financial impact of the merger on certain projected financial results for State Bank and Cadence
and financial forecasts and projections relating to the earnings of State Bank and Cadence, which were derived by FIG from publicly available
consensus estimates, and pro forma assumptions (including, without limitation, purchase accounting
 

102



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 111/178

Table of Contents

adjustments, cost savings and related expenses), which, in the case of State Bank and Cadence were derived by FIG from publicly available information.
This analysis indicated that the merger could be accretive to Cadence estimated EPS in 2019 and have a 2.92 payback period for Cadence with minimal
dilution at closing to estimated tangible book value per share (4.3% dilutive to Cadence tangible book value per share). For all of the above analysis, the
actual results achieved by Cadence following the merger may vary from the projected results, and the variations may be material.

Interests of Cadence’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger

In considering the recommendation of the Cadence board of directors with respect to its adoption of the merger agreement, Cadence stockholders should
be aware that Cadence’s directors and executive officers have interests in the merger that are different from, or in addition to, those of Cadence
stockholders generally. The Cadence board of directors was aware of these interests and considered them, among other matters, in approving the merger
agreement. Please see “—Cadence’s Reasons for the Merger.” These interests are summarized below.

Continuing Service as Directors on the Cadence Board

The Cadence board of directors after the merger will include each of the current directors from the Cadence board of directors as of immediately prior to
the effective time, in addition to three directors from the current State Bank board of directors. The Cadence board of directors presently consists of six
directors.

Continuing Employment with Cadence

It is currently expected that the executive officers of Cadence will continue their employment with Cadence following the effective time on substantially
similar terms and conditions as in existence immediately prior to the effective time.

None of Cadence’s directors or executive officers is a party to, or participates in a, Cadence plan, program, or arrangement that provides such director or
executive officer with compensation that is based on or otherwise relates to the completion of the merger.

Directors’ and Officers’ Insurance

Cadence will continue to provide indemnification and insurance coverage to the directors and executive officers of Cadence.

Interests of State Bank’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger

In considering the recommendations of the State Bank board of directors with respect to the merger, State Bank shareholders should be aware that State
Bank’s directors and executive officers have interests in the merger, including financial interests, that may be different from, or in addition to, the
interests of the other shareholders of State Bank. The State Bank board of directors was aware of and considered these interests during its deliberations
of the merits of the merger and in determining to recommend to State Bank’s shareholders that they vote for the merger proposal and thereby approve
the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including the merger (to the extent such interests existed at that time). See the sections entitled
“—Background of the Merger” and “—Recommendation of the State Bank Board of Directors; State Bank’s Reasons for the Merger” of this joint
information statement/proxy statement and prospectus, respectively. These interests are described in more detail below, and certain of them are
quantified in the narrative and table below.

For purposes of all State Bank agreements described below, the approval by State Bank shareholders of the merger or completion of the merger will
constitute a change in control, change of control or term of similar meaning.
 

103



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 112/178

Table of Contents

Treatment of Outstanding State Bank Equity Awards

State Bank Restricted Stock. As of June 30, 2018, State Bank’s ten executive officers held an aggregate of 575,438 shares of unvested State Bank
restricted stock and State Bank’s nine non-employee directors each held 886 shares of unvested State Bank restricted stock, for an aggregate of
7,974 shares of unvested State Bank restricted stock. Under the merger agreement, at the effective time, each outstanding share of restricted stock will
fully vest (with any performance-based vesting condition deemed to have been achieved to the extent set forth in the applicable award agreement) and
be converted automatically into the right to receive the merger consideration. Under State Bank’s performance-based restricted stock agreements
awarded in 2015, which are included in the shares that will vest under the merger agreement, full vesting of the awards occurs if the per share price of
State Bank common stock on the consummation of the change of control (as defined in the award agreement) is 20% higher than the per share closing
price of State Bank common stock on the grant date of the award (i.e., February 11, 2015). Assuming the effective date of the merger was June 30, 2018,
and that the closing price per share of State Bank common stock was $33.61 (the average closing price per share over the first five business days
following the announcement of the merger agreement), such price was 76.71% higher than the stock’s per share closing price of $19.02 on February 11,
2015.

Quantification of Payments. For an estimate of the amounts that would be payable to each of State Bank’s named executive officers upon settlement of
their unvested State Bank restricted stock awards, see “Merger-Related Compensation for State Bank’s Named Executive Officers” below. The
estimated aggregate amount that would be payable to State Bank’s four executive officers who are not named executive officers upon settlement of their
unvested State Bank restricted stock awards if the consummation of the change of control (as defined in each award agreement) occurred on June 30,
2018 is $6,822,830. We estimate that the aggregate amount that would be payable to State Bank’s nine non-employee directors upon settlement of their
unvested State Bank restricted stock awards if consummation of the change of control (as defined in each award agreement) occurred on June 30, 2018
is $268,006. The amounts specified in this paragraph are determined using a price per share of State Bank common stock of $33.61, the average closing
price per share over the first five business days following the announcement of the merger agreement.

Existing State Bank Employment Agreements

State Bank has existing amended and restated employment agreements with the following named executive officers: J. Thomas Wiley, Jr., Kim Childers,
and Joseph W. Evans.

Under each of Mr. Wiley’s and Mr. Childers’ employment agreement, if the officer chooses to terminate his employment within the period commencing
three months before and ending 12 months after a change in control and upon 30 days written notice (which we refer to as a voluntary termination), the
officer is entitled to receive a severance payments as follows:
 

 
•  a lump sum payment equal to (a) the greater of (i) his current annual base salary divided by 12 or (ii) his average monthly compensation

multiplied by (b) the number of months from the effective date of his termination through the unexpired portion of the term of the
employment agreement or, if greater, 24; and

 

 
•  a monthly payment equal to the cost of COBRA health continuation coverage for the officer and his eligible dependents for the longer of

(a) the unexpired portion of the term of the employment agreement, (b) 24 months or (c) the period during which the officer and his eligible
dependents are entitled to COBRA health continuation coverage.

For purposes of these calculations, “average monthly compensation” means: (a) the sum of (i) the officer’s then current annual base salary and (ii) his
most recent annual incentive payment or, if greater, his average incentive payment for the three most recent years, divided by (b) 12. For an estimate of
the value of the payments and benefits described above that would be payable to each of Mr. Wiley and Mr. Childers under their employment
 

104



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 113/178

Table of Contents

agreements in connection with a voluntary termination following the merger, see “Merger-Related Compensation for State Bank’s Named Executive
Officers” below.

Under Mr. Evans’ employment agreement, in the event of, among other things, a termination of his employment by State Bank without “cause,” or if he
terminates his employment for “cause,” as defined in his employment agreement and, in each case, within the period commencing three months before
and ending 12 months after a change in control (which we refer to as a qualifying termination), he is entitled to receive severance payments as follows:
 

 
•  a lump sum payment equal to (a) his current annual base salary divided by 12, multiplied by (b) the number of months from his termination

date through the unexpired term of the agreement (or if greater, 24); and
 

 
•  a monthly payment equal to the cost of COBRA health continuation coverage for him and his eligible dependents for the longer of (a) the

unexpired portion of the term of the employment agreement, (b) 24 months or (c) the period during which he and his eligible dependents are
entitled to COBRA health continuation coverage.

For an estimate of the value of the payments and benefits described above that would be payable to Mr. Evans under his employment agreement in
connection with a qualifying termination following the merger, see “Merger-Related Compensation for State Bank’s Named Executive Officers” below.

In order for Mr. Wiley, Mr. Childers or Mr. Evans to receive his severance payment, he must execute a general release of claims in favor of State Bank
and its affiliates. Each officer’s employment agreement also includes certain restrictive covenants, including covenants related to non-competition,
non-solicitation of customers and non-solicitation of employees. With respect to Mr. Wiley and Mr. Childers, the non-competition covenant applies for a
period of 36 months following each officer’s termination and the non-solicitation covenants generally apply for a period of 24 months following each
officer’s termination. With respect to Mr. Evans, the non-competition and non-solicitation covenants generally apply for a period of 24 months following
his termination. If the officer breaches any applicable restrictive covenant or the general release, State Bank is not required to make the severance
payment to the officer and the officer may be required to repay to State Bank any portion of the severance payment that the officer has already received.

The employment agreements for Mr. Wiley, Mr. Childers and Mr. Evans also provide that, if the payments or benefits provided to the officer would
constitute a “parachute payment” as defined in Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, the officer shall receive
the total payments made under the employment agreement, provided that, if the after-tax amount retained by the officer after taking into account the
excise taxes would have a lesser aggregate value than the after-tax amount retained by the officer if the total payments were reduced so that no Code
Section 280G taxes would be incurred, the officer will receive reduced payments.

As discussed more fully below, Cadence has entered into a new services and covenant agreement with each of Messrs. Wiley, Childers, and Evans,
which supersede their respective employment agreements. See “—Cadence Services and Covenant Agreements” below.

State Bank Separation Agreements

Named Executive Officer Agreements. State Bank has existing separation agreements with the following named executive officers: Sheila E. Ray, Remer
Y. Brinson III and Bradford L. Watkins. These separation agreements provide for certain severance benefits if, upon providing proper notice, the officer
is terminated without “cause” or the officer terminates his or her employment for “good reason,” each as defined in the applicable separation agreement
(which we refer to as a “qualifying termination” for such officer), during the one-year period
 

105



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 114/178

Table of Contents

commencing after a change in control (or in the event of an anticipatory termination, the period commencing up to six months prior to the
consummation of a change in control).

Under Ms. Ray’s and Mr. Watkins’ separation agreement, upon a qualifying termination, the officer is entitled to receive a severance payment in a lump
sum amount equal to one times the average of the officer’s base salary over the last three full fiscal years. Under Mr. Brinson’s separation agreement,
upon a qualifying termination, he is entitled to receive a severance payment in a lump sum amount equal to two times the average of his base salary over
the last three full fiscal years. For an estimate of the value of the payments and benefits described above that would be payable to each of Ms. Ray,
Mr. Brinson and Mr. Watkins under their separation agreements in connection with a qualifying termination following the merger, see “Merger-Related
Compensation for State Bank’s Named Executive Officers” below.

Each officer’s separation agreement also includes restrictive covenants that continue for a period of 12 months following his or her termination,
including non-solicitation of customers and non-solicitation of employees. In addition, Mr. Brinson’s separation agreement also includes a
non-competition covenant that continues for a period 12 months following his termination; provided that Mr. Brinson receives the severance payment. If
the officer breaches any applicable restrictive covenant, State Bank is not required to make the separation payment to the officer and the officer will be
required to repay to State Bank any portion of the separation payment that the officer has already received.

In addition, Mr. Brinson’s separation agreement provides that, if payments or benefits payable to Mr. Brinson would constitute a “parachute payment” as
defined in Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, then payments and benefits will be reduced such that no
payments or benefits constitute parachute payments.

Executive Officer Agreements. State Bank has existing separation agreements with three other executive officers who are not named executive officers.
These separation agreements provide that, upon providing proper notice, if the officer has a qualifying termination event during the one-year period
commencing after a change in control (or in the event of an anticipatory termination, the period commencing up to six months prior to the
consummation of a change in control), the officer is entitled to receive a severance payment in a lump sum equal to one times the average of the officer’s
base salary over the last three full fiscal years (or the officer’s average annualized base salary for such shorter period of time as he or she has been
employed by State Bank). The estimated aggregate amount that would be payable to State Bank’s executive officers, other than the named executive
officers, assuming the merger occurred on June 30, 2018 and each officer experienced a qualifying termination at the closing of the merger under their
respective separation agreements is $783,333.

Each officer’s separation agreement also includes restrictive covenants that continue for a period of 12 months following his termination, including
non-solicitation of customers and non-solicitation of employees. If the officer breaches any applicable restrictive covenant, State Bank is not required to
make the separation payment to the officer and the officer will be required to repay to State Bank any portion of the separation payment that the officer
has already received.

Offer Letter with an Executive Officer

State Bank has entered into an offer letter with one executive officer who is not a named executive officer. Under the offer letter, the officer is entitled to
a lump sum payment of $375,000 within 30 days after State Bank entered into the merger agreement in exchange for the officer’s corporate development
services (which we refer to as the first payment), and will be entitled to an additional lump sum payment of $375,000 within 30 days after the closing of
the merger in exchange for services rendered relating to consummation of the transaction. Under the offer letter, if the transaction does not close, State
Bank reserves the right to seek reimbursement of the first payment.
 

106



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 115/178

Table of Contents

The offer letter also includes restrictive covenants that continue for a period of 12 months following the officer’s termination, including non-solicitation
of customers and non-solicitation of employees. If the officer breaches any applicable restrictive covenant, State Bank is not required to make the above-
referenced payments to the officer and the officer will be required to repay to State Bank any portion of these payments that the officer has already
received.

Prorated Annual Cash Incentive Compensation

All of State Bank’s executive officers, other than Mr. Evans, are participants in the State Bank Executive Officer Annual Cash Incentive Plan and will
continue to participate in the plan. Under the merger agreement, all accruals existing as of the effective time under State Bank’s non-equity incentive
and/or bonus plans that are consistent with State Bank’s 2018 budget approved by the board of directors will be paid out to the applicable executive
officers as of the closing date of the merger. For an estimate of the value of the cash incentive awards payable to each of the named executive officers,
see “Merger-Related Compensation for State Bank’s Named Executive Officers.” The estimated value of the aggregate cash incentive awards that would
be payable to State Bank’s four executive officers who are not named executive officers in connection with the merger is $276,889. These estimated
amounts are based on accruals through June 30, 2018, which for purposes of this disclosure is the assumed effective date of the merger, based on State
Bank’s actual performance under the performance objectives established by the State Bank Independent Directors Committee of the State Bank board of
directors pursuant to the State Bank Executive Officer Annual Cash Incentive Plan.

Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan

Mr. Brinson is a participant in a Supplement Executive Retirement Plan, or SERP, which State Bank assumed as a result of the merger of Georgia-
Carolina Bancshares with and into State Bank. The SERP was amended in connection with the Georgia-Carolina Bancshares merger transaction such
that consummation of the Georgia-Carolina Bancshares merger on January 1, 2015 vested 80% of Mr. Brinson’s “normal retirement benefit” upon
consummation of such merger. Mr. Brinson is entitled to vest in the remaining 20% of his normal retirement benefit as State Bank accrues the expense
on its books, which generally occurs in equal amounts on a monthly basis through his expected normal retirement at age 65 (in August 2025). In
addition, vesting of the remaining unvested amount of his normal retirement benefit will accelerate immediately if, prior to reaching age 65, Mr. Brinson
is terminated without cause or he terminates his employment for good reason, whether or not such qualifying termination is as a result of a change of
control, with payments commencing when he reaches age 65. There are no special change in control provisions in the SERP.

Life Insurance Benefits

State Bank has entered into a split dollar life insurance agreement, or bank owned life insurance agreement, with Mr. Childers. Under this agreement,
State Bank has purchased a life insurance policy on the life of Mr. Childers, and his designated beneficiaries will receive a portion of the death benefit
under the policy upon his death. Under this agreement, if Mr. Childers’ death occurs after termination of his employment following the change of
control, his post-termination death benefit increases from $1.0 million to $2.0 million.

Board of Directors of Cadence and Cadence Bank Following the Merger

Under the merger agreement, Cadence has agreed to cause the respective boards of directors of Cadence and Cadence Bank to be increased in size by
three members immediately after the effective time of the merger, and to appoint three current members of the State Bank board of directors. In
furtherance of the foregoing, the merger agreement provides that Joseph W. Evans, the current Chairman of State Bank, will be appointed the Vice
Chairman of Cadence, and J. Thomas Wiley, Jr., the current Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of State
 

107



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 116/178

Table of Contents

Bank, will be appointed the Chairman of Cadence Bank. Mr. Evans will also serve on the Cadence Bank board of directors and Mr. Wiley will also serve
on the Cadence board of directors. As of the date of this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus, the one remaining new individual
who will become a director of Cadence and Cadence Bank has not been determined.

Indemnification; Directors’ and Officers’ Insurance

The merger agreement provides that from and after the effective time of the merger, Cadence and the surviving corporation will indemnify and hold
harmless all present and former directors, officers, and employees of State Bank and its subsidiaries against any costs or liabilities arising out of the fact
that such person is or was a director, officer, or employee of State Bank or any of its subsidiaries and pertaining to matters, acts, or omissions existing or
occurring at or prior to the effective time, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and will also advance expenses to such persons to the fullest
extent permitted by applicable law, provided that such person provides an undertaking to repay such advances if it is ultimately determined that such
person is not entitled to indemnification.

Subject to certain limitations, the merger agreement also requires the surviving corporation to maintain, for a period of six years after the completion of
the merger, State Bank’s existing directors’ and officers’ liability insurance policy, or policies with a substantially comparable insurer of at least the
same coverage and amounts and containing terms and conditions that are no less advantageous to the insured, with respect to claims against present and
former officers and directors of State Bank and its subsidiaries arising from facts or events that occurred at or prior to the effective time. In lieu of the
foregoing, State Bank, in consultation with Cadence, may obtain at or prior to the effective time a six-year “tail” policy under State Bank’s existing
directors and officers insurance policy providing equivalent coverage to that described in the preceding sentence. If State Bank purchases such a “tail
policy,” Cadence or the surviving corporation will maintain such “tail policy” in full force and effect and continue to honor its obligations thereunder.
For additional information, see the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Director and Officer Indemnification and Insurance” of this joint
information statement/proxy statement and prospectus.

Cadence Services and Covenant Agreements

On June 11, 2018, Cadence entered into services and covenant agreements with each of Messrs. Wiley, Childers, and Evans that provide for their service
as advisors of the combined company for a term of one year following the closing of the merger. Under the agreements, Cadence will, in full satisfaction
of Cadence and State Bank’s obligations under the officers’ existing employment agreements with State Bank and subject to the terms and conditions set
forth therein, (1) pay a lump sum cash amount equal to $2,380,731 (in the case of Mr. Wiley), $1,815,000 (in the case of Mr. Childers), and $700,000 (in
the case of Mr. Evans) on the date the merger closes; and (2) pay a monthly cash payment equal to the officer’s premiums under COBRA for up to
36 months (in the case of Messrs. Wiley and Childers) and 24 months (in the case of Mr. Evans) following the closing of the merger. Messrs. Wiley and
Childers will also be eligible to receive a prorated annual bonus in respect of 2018 for the portion of the year through the closing date based on actual
performance, which amount will be payable in the ordinary course of business. The foregoing payments and benefits are subject to the officer executing,
delivering, and not revoking a general release of claims in favor of Cadence and its affiliates and continuing to comply with the restrictive covenants set
forth in the agreement. In addition, each officer will be paid an annual consulting fee of $100,000 and be provided an office in Atlanta, Georgia during
the term of the agreement.

If Cadence terminates the services of Messrs. Wiley, Childers, or Evans without “cause” (as defined in their respective agreements), then the officer will,
subject to continued compliance with the restrictive covenants set forth in the agreement, be entitled to the unpaid portion of the consulting fees that he
would have received for the one-year term of the agreement, payable at such times as such fees would be paid had they continued to perform services
under the agreement.
 
 

108



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 117/178

Table of Contents

The agreements provide that, for a period of three years (two years, in the case of Mr. Evans) following the closing of the merger, the officer will be
restricted from competing with Cadence and its affiliates and from soliciting Cadence and its affiliates’ respective customers or employees. The
agreements also include mutual nondisparagement and confidentiality covenants of perpetual duration.

Under the agreements, if the payments or benefits provided to the officer would be subject to the excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code, the
payments and benefits will be reduced such that no payments or benefits are subject to such excise tax, unless the officer would be better off on an
after-tax basis receiving all such payments and benefits.

As of the effective time of the merger, the agreements with Messrs. Wiley, Childers, and Evans will supersede and replace their respective employment
agreements with State Bank.

Cadence Offer Letter

On July 16, 2018, Cadence entered into an offer letter with Ms. Ray, which provides for her service as Executive Vice President, Chief Talent Officer, of
Cadence, commencing on closing of the merger. Under the offer letter, Ms. Ray will have a base salary of $250,000; a target annual bonus opportunity
of 60% of base salary, commencing with calendar year 2019; and a target long-term incentive compensation opportunity of 45% of base salary,
commencing with calendar year 2019.

Cadence Arrangements with Other Executive Officers

Following the execution of the merger agreement, Cadence has had preliminary discussions with certain other State Bank executive officers regarding
its desire to retain such officers following the closing. While Cadence may enter into new agreements or offer letters with those individuals, at this time
there is no assurance that those discussions will result in any new arrangements with Cadence or, if so, what the terms and conditions of any such
arrangements would be.

Merger-Related Compensation for State Bank’s Named Executive Officers

The section sets forth the information required by Item 402(t) of Regulation S-K regarding the compensation for each of State Bank’s named executive
officers that is based on or that otherwise relates to the merger. The merger-related compensation payable to these individuals is subject to a non-binding
advisory vote of State Bank’s shareholders, as described above in “State Bank Proposals—Proposal No. 2 Compensation Proposal.”

The table below sets forth the amount of payments and benefits that each of State Bank’s named executive officers would receive in connection with the
merger, assuming that the merger were consummated on June 30, 2018 and each such named executive officer experienced a voluntary termination
(with respect to Mr. Wiley and Mr. Childers) or a qualifying termination (with respect to Mr. Evans, Ms. Ray, Mr. Brinson and Mr. Watkins) on June 30,
2018. The amounts below are determined using a price per share of State Bank common stock of $33.61, the average closing price per share over the
first five business days following the announcement of the merger agreement, and are based on multiple assumptions that may or may not actually occur
or be accurate on the relevant date, including the assumptions described in the footnotes to the table. The amounts below do not reflect compensation
actions that may occur after the date of this joint information statement/proxy statement and
 

109



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 118/178

Table of Contents

prospectus but before the effective time. In addition, consistent with SEC guidance, the amounts below do not take into account the impact of the new
services and covenant agreements between Cadence and certain of the named executive officers. As a result of the foregoing assumptions, the actual
amounts, if any, to be received by a State Bank named executive officer may materially differ from the amounts set forth below.
 

Name   Cash ($) (1)    
Equity
($) (2)    

Perquisites/
Benefits

($) (3)    Total ($)  
J. Thomas Wiley, Jr.    2,574,606(a)    2,319,090    71,451    4,965,147 
Sheila E. Ray    390,073(b)    1,546,060    —      1,936,133 
Remer Y. Brinson III    774,542(b)    1,378,010    —      2,152,552 
Kim M. Childers    1,927,869(a)    2,485,056    59,354    4,472,279 
Joseph W. Evans    700,000(c)    2,940,875    58,811    3,699,686 
Bradford L. Watkins    369,396(b)    1,848,550    —      2,217,946 
 
(1) Cash. The amounts in this column reflect (a) cash severance payments to which the named executive officers are entitled in connection with the

merger under the officer’s employment agreement or separation agreement, as applicable, as described under “—State Bank Employment
Agreements” and “—State Bank Separation Agreements—Named Executive Officer Agreements” and (b) other than with respect to Mr. Evans, a
prorated cash incentive payment payable under the State Bank Executive Officer Annual Cash Incentive Plan, as described in “—Prorated Annual
Cash Incentive Compensation.”

 

 

(a) The amount in this column for Mr. Wiley and Mr. Childers represents the modified “single-trigger” lump sum cash payment to which each
officer would be entitled to under his employment agreement if the officer voluntarily terminated his employment for any reason within the
period commencing three months before and ending 12 months after a change in control. Such payments are based on each officer’s average
monthly compensation as determined by dividing the sum of the officer’s current base salary and the average of incentive payments paid
over the three most recent years by 12, multiplied by 36 (the number of months remaining under the term of each officer’s agreement). As
further described above, payments to Mr. Wiley and Mr. Childers under their employment agreements are subject to forfeiture or
recoupment by State Bank in the event the officer breaches certain restrictive covenants. The prorated annual cash incentive payment that
would be payable to Mr. Wiley and Mr. Childers under the merger agreement if the merger was consummated on June 30, 2018 is $193,875
and $120,438, respectively.

 

(b) The amount set forth in this column for Ms. Ray, Mr. Brinson, and Mr. Watkins represents the “double-trigger” lump sum cash payment to
which each officer would be entitled to under his or her separation agreement if he or she experienced a qualifying termination commencing
six months before and ending 12 months after a change in control. Such payments are based on each officer’s average base salary paid over
the last three full fiscal years multiplied by one, in the case of Ms. Ray and Mr. Watkins, and two, in the case of Mr. Brinson. As further
described above, payments to Ms. Ray, Mr. Brinson, and Mr. Watkins under their separation agreements are subject to forfeiture or
recoupment by State Bank in the event the officer breaches certain restrictive covenants. The prorated annual cash incentive payment that
would be payable to Ms. Ray, Mr. Brinson, and Mr. Watkins under the merger agreement if the merger was consummated on June 30, 2018
is $98,406, $99,875, and $91,063, respectively.

 

(c) The amount set forth in this column for Mr. Evans represents the “double-trigger” lump sum cash payment to which Mr. Evans would be
entitled to under his employment agreement if he experienced a qualifying termination within the period commencing three months before
and ending 12 months after a change in control. Such payment is based on his current annual base salary divided by 12 and multiplied by 24.
As further described above, payments to Mr. Evans under his employment agreement are subject to forfeiture or recoupment by State Bank
in the event he breaches certain restrictive covenants. Under Mr. Evans’ employment agreement, he is not eligible to participate in the State
Bank Executive Officer Annual Cash Incentive Plan.

 
110



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 119/178

Table of Contents

(2) Equity. At the consummation of the change of control, each outstanding share of restricted stock will fully vest (with any performance-based
vesting condition deemed to have been achieved to the extent set forth in the applicable award agreement) and will be converted automatically into
the right to receive the merger consideration (i.e., “single-trigger” vesting). The value of each officer’s unvested restricted stock awards was
calculated based on a price per share of State Bank common stock of $33.61, the average closing price per share over the first five business days
following the announcement of the merger agreement.

(3) Perquisites/Benefits. The amount in this column represents the aggregate estimated value of the COBRA health continuation coverage that
Mr. Wiley, Mr. Childers and Mr. Evans would each be entitled to under their respective employment agreements. The COBRA health continuation
coverage for each of Mr. Wiley and Mr. Childers is a modified “single-trigger” benefit and requires that the officer voluntarily terminate his
employment for any reason within the period commencing three months before and ending 12 months after a change in control. The COBRA
health continuation coverage for Mr. Evans is a “double-trigger” benefit and requires that Mr. Evan’s experience a qualifying termination within
the period commencing three months before and ending 12 months after a change in control. The COBRA health continuation payments represent
the monthly coverage rate for an employee and family (based on each officer’s age) in effect at June 30, 2018, multiplied by 36 months for
Mr. Wiley and Mr. Childers and 24 months for Mr. Evans. Under Mr. Childers’ split dollar life insurance agreement with State Bank, his post-
termination death benefit increases as a result of the merger from $1.0 million to $2.0 million. The value of his increased death benefit is not
reflected in the above amount.

Cadence’s Dividend Policy

On April 25, 2018, the Cadence board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend in the amount of $0.125 per share of outstanding Cadence Class A
common stock, representing an annualized dividend of $0.50 per share. The dividend was paid on June 15, 2018 to holders of record on June 1, 2018.

On May 13, 2018, in connection with announcing entry into the merger agreement, Cadence announced that it intends to increase its quarterly cash
dividend to $0.15 per share starting with the dividend declared in the third quarter of 2018. Cadence also announced that it intends to further increase its
quarterly cash dividend to $0.175 per share following closing of the merger.

Although Cadence expects to pay dividends according to its dividend policy, Cadence may elect not to pay dividends. Any future determination relating
to Cadence’s dividend policy will be made by the Cadence board of directors and will depend on a number of factors, including: (1) Cadence’s historic
and projected financial condition, liquidity and results of operations, (2) Cadence’s capital levels and needs, (3) tax considerations, (4) any acquisitions
or potential acquisitions that Cadence may examine, (5) statutory and regulatory prohibitions and other limitations, (6) the terms of any credit
agreements or other borrowing arrangements that restrict Cadence’s ability to pay cash dividends, (7) general economic conditions and (8) other factors
deemed relevant by the Cadence board of directors. Cadence is not obligated to pay dividends on its common stock and are subject to restrictions on
paying dividends on its common stock.

As a Delaware corporation, Cadence is subject to certain restrictions on dividends under the DGCL. Generally, a Delaware corporation may only pay
dividends either out of “surplus” or out of the current or the immediately preceding year’s net profits. Surplus is defined as the excess, if any, at any
given time, of the total assets of a corporation over its total liabilities and statutory capital. The value of a corporation’s assets can be measured in a
number of ways and may not necessarily equal their book value.

In addition, Cadence is subject to certain restrictions on the payment of cash dividends as a result of banking laws, regulations and policies.

Because Cadence is a bank holding company and does not engage directly in business activities of a material nature, its ability to pay dividends to its
stockholders depends, in large part, upon its receipt of dividends from
 

111



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 120/178

Table of Contents

Cadence Bank, which is also subject to numerous limitations on the payment of dividends under federal and state banking laws, regulations and policies.

Public Trading Markets

The Cadence Class A common stock is listed for trading on the NYSE under the symbol “CADE,” and the State Bank common stock is listed for trading
on NASDAQ under the symbol “STBZ.” Upon completion of the merger, the State Bank common stock will no longer be quoted on NASDAQ.
Following the merger, the Cadence Class A common stock will continue to be traded on the NYSE.

Under the merger agreement, Cadence will cause the shares of Cadence Class A common stock to be issued or reserved for issuance in the merger,
including with respect to State Bank restricted stock awards and warrants, to be approved for listing on the NYSE, subject to notice of issuance, and the
merger agreement provides that neither Cadence nor State Bank will be required to complete the merger if such shares are not authorized for listing on
the NYSE, subject to notice of issuance.

Appraisal Rights in the Merger

Under Article 13 of the GBCC, the State Bank shareholders will not be entitled to appraisal rights or dissenters’ rights in connection with the merger if,
on the record date for the State Bank special meeting, their shares are listed on a national securities exchange or held of record by more than 2,000
shareholders, and they accept as consideration for their shares the shares of the surviving corporation or another publicly held corporation which at the
effective date of the merger is either listed on a national securities exchange or held by more than 2,000 shareholders, except for cash paid in lieu of
fractional shares. The State Bank common stock is currently listed on NASDAQ, a national securities exchange, and is expected to continue to be so
listed on the record date for the State Bank special meeting. The State Bank shareholders will receive shares of Cadence Class A common stock as
merger consideration, which are currently listed on the NYSE, and are expected to continue to be so listed at the effective date of the merger.
Accordingly, the State Bank shareholders will not be entitled to any appraisal rights or dissenters’ rights in connection with the merger.

Regulatory Approvals Required for the Merger

Completion of the merger is subject to the receipt of all approvals, consents and waivers required to complete the transactions contemplated by the
merger agreement from (i) the Federal Reserve Board, (ii) the OCC, (iii) the Georgia DBF (iv) any other regulatory approval the failure of which to
obtain would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the surviving corporation (which Cadence and State Bank currently expect to
be none), and the expiration of any applicable statutory waiting periods, in each case, without the imposition of a condition or requirement that would
reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the surviving corporation and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, after giving effect to the
merger. Subject to the terms and conditions of the merger agreement, Cadence and State Bank have agreed to use their commercially reasonable efforts
and cooperate to promptly prepare and file, or cause to be prepare and filed, all necessary documentation, to obtain as promptly as practicable all
regulatory approvals necessary or advisable to complete the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, and to comply with the terms and
conditions of all such approvals. Cadence and State Bank plan to file all necessary applications and notifications to obtain the required regulatory
approvals, consents and waivers.

Federal Reserve Board

The transactions contemplated by the merger agreement require approval by the Federal Reserve Board pursuant to section 3 of the Bank Holding
Company Act of 1956, as amended, which we refer to as the BHC Act, unless the Federal Reserve Board waives that requirement. Cadence intends to
request a waiver of this prior approval requirement using procedures outlined in applicable regulations. If a waiver is not received, the Federal Reserve
 

112



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 121/178

Table of Contents

Board takes into consideration a number of factors when acting on applications under section 3 of the BHC Act (12 U.S.C. § 1842(c)) and section
225.13 of Regulation Y (12 C.F.R. § 225.13). These factors include the financial condition of the bank holding companies and banks involved and the
future prospects of the combined organization (including consideration of the current and projected capital positions and the levels of indebtedness) and
the managerial resources (including the competence, experience, and integrity of the officers, directors, and principal shareholders, as well as their
record of compliance with laws and regulations). The Federal Reserve Board also considers the effectiveness of the applicant in combatting money
laundering, the convenience and needs of the communities to be served, as well as the extent to which the proposal would result in greater or more
concentrated risks to the stability of the U.S. banking or financial system. The Federal Reserve Board may not approve a proposal that would have
significant adverse effects on competition or on the concentration of resources in any banking market.

Office of the Comptroller of the Currency

The prior approval of the OCC under the Bank Merger Act is required for the merger of SBTC with and into Cadence Bank. In reviewing applications
under the Bank Merger Act, the OCC must consider a number of factors, including: (1) the effect of a proposed merger on competition; (2) financial and
managerial resources and future prospects; (3) convenience and needs of the communities to be served; (4) the effectiveness of both institutions in
combating money laundering; and (5) the risk to stability of the U.S. banking and financial system. Additionally, the OCC considers the capital level of
the resulting bank, the conformity of the transaction to applicable law, the purpose of the merger, the impact of the merger on the safety and soundness
of the bank, and the effect on the bank’s or savings association’s stockholders, depositors, other creditors and customers.

Additionally, as required by the Community Reinvestment Act, which we refer to as the CRA, and in reviewing the convenience and needs of the
communities to be served, both the Federal Reserve Board and the OCC will consider the records of performance of the relevant insured depository
institutions under the CRA. As of their last respective CRA examinations, each of Cadence Bank and SBTC received an overall “satisfactory”
regulatory rating with respect to CRA compliance.

Georgia Department of Banking and Finance

To complete the merger, Cadence and Cadence Bank are required to submit an application to, and receive approval from, the Georgia DBF. The Georgia
DBF will review the application to determine whether the merger and the bank merger comply with Georgia law. The criteria considered by the Georgia
DBF are similar to those considered by the Federal Reserve Board and the OCC.

Public Notice and Comments

Furthermore, the BHC Act, the Bank Merger Act, the Georgia DBF and applicable regulations require published notice of, and the opportunity for
public comment on these applications, and authorize the Federal Reserve Board and the OCC to hold a public hearing or meeting if either agency
determines that a hearing or meeting would be appropriate. The Federal Reserve Board, the OCC and the Georgia DBF take into account the views of
third party commenters, particularly on the subject of the merging parties’ CRA performance and record of service to their respective communities, and
any hearing, meeting or comments provided by third parties could prolong the period during which the applications are under review by these agencies.

Waiting Periods

Transactions approved under section 3 of the BHC Act or the Bank Merger Act generally may not be completed until 30 days after the approval of the
applicable federal agency is received, during which time the Department of Justice, which we refer to as the DOJ, may challenge the transaction on
antitrust grounds. With the approval of the applicable federal agency and the concurrence of the DOJ, the waiting period may be reduced to no less than
 

113



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 122/178

Table of Contents

15 days. The commencement of an antitrust action would stay the effectiveness of such an approval unless a court specifically ordered otherwise. In
reviewing the merger, the DOJ could analyze the merger’s effect on competition differently than the Federal Reserve Board or the OCC, and thus it is
possible that the DOJ could reach a different conclusion than the Federal Reserve Board or the OCC regarding the merger’s effects on competition. A
determination by the DOJ not to object to the merger may not prevent the filing of antitrust actions by private persons or state attorneys general. There
can be no assurance if and when DOJ clearance will be obtained, or as to the conditions or limitations that such DOJ approval may contain or impose.

Additional Regulatory Approvals and Notices

Notifications and/or applications requesting approval may be submitted to various other federal and state regulatory authorities and self-regulatory
organizations, including certain state insurance departments.

Based on information available to us as of the date hereof, Cadence and State Bank believe that the merger does not raise substantial antitrust or other
significant regulatory concerns and that we will be able to obtain all requisite regulatory approvals. However, neither Cadence nor State Bank can assure
you that all of the regulatory approvals described above will be obtained and, if obtained, we cannot assure you as to the timing of any such approvals,
Cadence’s ability to obtain the approvals on satisfactory terms, or the absence of any litigation challenging such approvals. In addition, there can be no
assurance that such approvals will not impose conditions or requirements that would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the
financial condition, results of operations, assets, or business of the surviving corporation and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, after giving effect to the
merger. There can likewise be no assurances that U.S. federal or state regulatory authorities will not attempt to challenge the merger on antitrust grounds
or for other reasons, or if such a challenge is made, as to the result of such challenge.

Neither Cadence nor State Bank is aware of any material governmental approvals or actions that are required for completion of the merger other than
those described above. It is presently contemplated that if any such additional governmental approvals or actions are required, those approvals or actions
will be sought. There can be no assurance, however, that any additional approvals or actions will be obtained.

The processing time for obtaining regulatory approvals for bank mergers, particularly for larger institutions, has increased since the financial crisis.
Specifically, the Dodd-Frank Act requires bank regulators to consider financial stability concerns when evaluating a proposed bank merger.

If there is an adverse development in either party’s regulatory standing, Cadence may be required to withdraw some or all of the applications for
approval of the merger and the bank merger and, if possible, resubmit it after the applicable supervisory concerns have been resolved.
 

114



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 123/178

Table of Contents

THE MERGER AGREEMENT

The following describes certain aspects of the merger, including certain material provisions of the merger agreement. The following description of the
merger agreement is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, the merger agreement, which is attached to this joint information
statement/proxy statement and prospectus as Annex A and is incorporated by reference into this joint information statement/proxy statement and
prospectus. We urge you to read the merger agreement carefully and in its entirety, as it is the legal document governing the merger.

Explanatory Note Regarding the Merger Agreement

The merger agreement is included to provide you with information regarding its terms. Neither the merger agreement nor the summary of its material
terms included in this section is intended to provide any factual information about Cadence or State Bank. Factual disclosures about Cadence and State
Bank contained in this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus and/or in the public reports of Cadence and State Bank filed with the
SEC (as described in the section entitled “Where You Can Find More Information” beginning on page 159) may supplement, update or modify the
disclosures about Cadence and State Bank contained in the merger agreement. The merger agreement contains representations and warranties and
covenants of the parties customary for transactions of this nature. The representations and warranties contained in the merger agreement were made only
for purposes of the merger agreement as of the specific dates therein; were made solely for the benefit of the parties to the merger agreement; may be
subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties, including being qualified by confidential disclosures made for the purposes of allocating
contractual risk between the parties to the merger agreement instead of establishing these matters as facts; and may be subject to standards of materiality
applicable to the contracting parties that differ from those applicable to investors. Investors are not third-party beneficiaries under the merger agreement
and should not rely on the representations and warranties or any descriptions thereof as characterizations of the actual state of facts or condition of the
parties thereto or any of their respective subsidiaries or affiliates. Moreover, information concerning the subject matter of representations and warranties
may change after the date of the merger agreement, which subsequent information may or may not be fully reflected in Cadence’s or State Bank’s public
disclosures. Accordingly, the representations and warranties in the merger agreement should not be relied on by any person as characterizations of the
actual state of facts about Cadence or State Bank at the time they were made or otherwise.

Structure of the Merger

Each of the Cadence board of directors and the State Bank board of directors has approved the merger agreement. The merger agreement provides for
the merger of State Bank with and into Cadence, with Cadence continuing as the surviving corporation. Immediately following the completion of the
merger, State Bank and Trust Company, a Georgia state-chartered bank and a wholly owned subsidiary of State Bank, will merge with and into Cadence
Bank, N.A., a national banking association and a wholly owned subsidiary of Cadence, with Cadence Bank continuing as the surviving entity.

Before the completion of the merger, Cadence and State Bank may, by mutual agreement, change the method or structure of effecting the combination of
Cadence and State Bank, to the extent that Cadence and State Bank both decide that such change is necessary, appropriate or desirable, except that no
such change may (1) alter or change the exchange ratio or the number of shares of Cadence Class A common stock received by State Bank shareholders
in exchange for each share of State Bank common stock, (2) adversely affect the tax treatment of Cadence stockholders or State Bank shareholders
pursuant to the merger agreement, (3) adversely affect the tax treatment of Cadence or State Bank pursuant to the merger agreement or (4) materially
impede or delay the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement in a timely manner. The merger agreement further
provides that if State Bank fails to obtain the required vote of its shareholders to approve the merger agreement, each of the parties will in good faith use
its commercially reasonable efforts to negotiate a
 

115



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 124/178

Table of Contents

restructuring of the transaction (provided that neither party will have any obligation to alter or change any material terms, including the amount or kind
of the consideration to be issued State Bank shareholders as provided for in the merger agreement, in a manner adverse to such party or its stockholders
or shareholders, as applicable) and/or resubmit the merger agreement and/or the transactions contemplated thereby (or as restructured) to the State Bank
shareholders for approval.

Merger Consideration

Each share of State Bank common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time will be converted into the right to receive 1.160
shares, which we refer to as the exchange ratio, of validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable shares of Cadence Class A common stock, except for
treasury stock or shares owned by State Bank or Cadence (in each case other than in a fiduciary or agency capacity or as a result of debts previously
contracted).

If the number of outstanding shares of Cadence Class A common stock or State Bank common stock is increased, decreased, changed into, or exchanged
for a different number or kind of shares or securities as a result of a reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification, stock dividend, stock split, reverse
stock split, or other similar change in capitalization, or there is any extraordinary dividend or distribution, an appropriate and proportionate adjustment
will be made to the exchange ratio.

Fractional Shares

Cadence will not issue any fractional shares of Cadence Class A common stock in the merger. Instead, a State Bank shareholder who otherwise would
have received a fraction of a share of Cadence Class A common stock will receive an amount in cash (rounded to the nearest whole cent) determined by
multiplying (1) the average of the closing-sale prices of Cadence Class A common stock for five full trading days ending on the trading day preceding
the closing date of the merger by (2) the fraction of a share (rounded to the nearest thousandth when expressed in decimal form) of Cadence Class A
common stock which such holder would otherwise be entitled to receive.

Governing Documents; Directors and Officers; Governance Matters

At the effective time, the Cadence charter and bylaws in effect immediately prior to the effective time will be charter and bylaws of the surviving
corporation until thereafter amended in accordance with applicable law.

Effective immediately after the effective time, Cadence will cause the respective boards of directors of Cadence and Cadence Bank to be increased in
size by three members immediately after the effective time of the merger, and to appoint three current members of the board of directors of State Bank.
In furtherance of the foregoing, the merger agreement provides that Joseph W. Evans, the current Chairman of State Bank, will be appointed the Vice
Chairman of Cadence, and J. Thomas Wiley, Jr., the current Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of State Bank, will be appointed the Chairman
of Cadence Bank. Mr. Evans will also serve on the Cadence Bank board of directors and Mr. Wiley will also serve on the Cadence board of directors. As
of the date of this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus, the one remaining new individual who will become a director of Cadence
and Cadence Bank has not been determined.

Effective as of the effective time, the officers of Cadence and Cadence Bank, together with additional persons that may be elected, as applicable, will
serve as the officers of the combined company and Cadence Bank from and after the effective time and the effective time of the bank merger,
respectively.

Treatment of State Bank Restricted Stock Awards and Warrants

Under the merger agreement, at the effective time, each outstanding State Bank restricted stock award will vest (with any performance-based vesting
condition deemed to have been achieved to the extent set forth in the award
 

116



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 125/178

Table of Contents

agreement applicable to such restricted stock award) and be cancelled and converted automatically into the right to receive the merger consideration in
respect of each share of State Bank common stock underlying such restricted stock award (together with any accrued but unpaid dividends
corresponding to the portion of the restricted stock award that vests).

At the effective time, each outstanding warrant to purchase shares of State Bank common stock will be converted automatically into a warrant to
purchase shares of Cadence Class A common stock, with the number of underlying shares and per share exercise price adjusted to reflect the exchange
ratio.

Closing and Effective Time of the Merger

The merger will be completed only if all conditions to the merger discussed in this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus and set
forth in the merger agreement are either satisfied or waived (subject to applicable law). Please see “—Conditions to Complete the Merger.”

The merger will become effective as set forth in the articles of merger to be filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Georgia and the certificate of
merger to be filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on the closing date of the merger. The closing of the transactions contemplated by
the merger will occur at 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on a date no later than three business days after the satisfaction or waiver (subject to applicable
law) of the last to occur of the conditions set forth in the merger agreement, unless extended by mutual agreement of the parties. It currently is
anticipated that the completion of the merger will occur in the fourth quarter of 2018 subject to the receipt of State Bank shareholder approval,
regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions, but neither Cadence nor State Bank can guarantee when or if the merger will be
completed.

Conversion of Shares; Exchange of Certificates

The conversion of State Bank common stock into the right to receive the merger consideration will occur automatically at the effective time. After
completion of the merger, an exchange agent designated by Cadence and reasonably acceptable to State Bank, which we refer to as the exchange agent,
will exchange certificates representing shares of State Bank common stock for the merger consideration to be received pursuant to the terms of the
merger agreement.

Letter of Transmittal

As promptly as practicable after the completion of the merger, and in any event within five days thereafter, Cadence will cause the exchange agent to
mail to each holder of record of State Bank common stock immediately prior to the effective time a letter of transmittal and instructions on how to
surrender shares of State Bank common stock in exchange for the merger consideration the holder is entitled to receive under the merger agreement.

If a certificate for State Bank common stock has been lost, stolen, or destroyed, the exchange agent will issue the merger consideration upon receipt of
(1) an affidavit of that fact by the claimant and (2) if required by Cadence, the posting of a bond in an amount as Cadence may determine is reasonably
necessary as indemnity against any claim that may be made against it with respect to such certificate.

After completion of the merger, there will be no further transfers on the stock transfer books of State Bank of shares of State Bank common stock that
were issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time.

Withholding

Cadence and the exchange agent will be entitled to deduct and withhold from any consideration payable under the merger agreement the amounts they
are required to deduct and withhold under the Code or any provision of
 

117



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 126/178

Table of Contents

state, local, or foreign tax law. If any such amounts are withheld and paid over to the appropriate governmental authority, these amounts will be treated
for all purposes of the merger agreement as having been paid to such person from whom they were withheld.

Dividends and Distributions

No dividends or other distributions declared with respect to Cadence Class A common stock will be paid to the holder of any unsurrendered certificates
of State Bank common stock until the holder surrenders such certificate in accordance with the merger agreement. After the surrender of a certificate in
accordance with the merger agreement, the record holder thereof will be entitled to receive any such dividends or other distributions, without any
interest, which had previously become payable with respect to the whole shares of Cadence Class A common stock that the shares of State Bank
common stock represented by such certificate have been converted into the right to receive under the merger agreement.

Representations and Warranties

The merger agreement contains customary representations and warranties of each of Cadence and State Bank relating to their respective businesses. The
representations and warranties in the merger agreement do not survive the effective time.

The merger agreement contains representations and warranties made by each of Cadence and State Bank relating to a number of matters, including the
following:
 

 •  corporate matters, including due organization and qualification and subsidiaries;
 

 •  capitalization;
 

 
•  authority relative to execution and delivery of the merger agreement and the absence of conflicts with, or violations of, organizational

documents or other obligations as a result of the merger;
 

 •  required governmental and other regulatory filings and consents and approvals in connection with the merger;
 

 •  reports to regulatory authorities;
 

 •  financial statements, internal controls, books and records, and absence of undisclosed liabilities;
 

 •  broker’s fees payable in connection with the merger;
 

 •  the absence of certain changes or events;
 

 •  legal proceedings;
 

 •  tax matters;
 

 •  employee and employee benefit plan matters;
 

 •  compliance with applicable laws;
 

 •  certain material contracts;
 

 •  absence of agreements with regulatory authorities;
 

 •  derivative instruments and transactions;
 

 •  environmental matters;
 

 •  investment securities;
 

 •  real property;
 

 •  intellectual property;
 

118



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 127/178

Table of Contents

 •  related party transactions;
 

 •  inapplicability of takeover statutes;
 

 •  absence of action or circumstance that would prevent the merger from qualifying as a “reorganization” under Section 368(a) of the Code;
 

 
•  the accuracy of information supplied for inclusion in this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus and other similar

documents;
 

 •  loan matters;
 

 •  insurance matters; and
 

 •  information security matters.

Certain representations and warranties of Cadence and State Bank are qualified as to knowledge “materiality” or “material adverse effect.” For purposes
of the merger agreement, a “material adverse effect,” when used in reference to Cadence, State Bank, or the combined company, means a material
adverse effect on (i) the business, assets, liabilities, properties, results of operations, or financial condition of such party and its subsidiaries taken as a
whole (provided, that, with respect to this clause (i), material adverse effect shall not be deemed to include the impact of (A) changes, after the date of
the merger agreement, in U.S. generally accepted accounting principles or applicable regulatory accounting requirements, (B) changes, after the date of
the merger agreement, in laws, rules, or regulations of general applicability to companies in the industries in which such party and its subsidiaries
operate, or interpretations thereof by courts or governmental entities, (C) changes, after the date of the merger agreement, in global, national, or regional
political conditions (including the outbreak of war or acts of terrorism) or in economic or market (including equity, credit and debt markets, as well as
changes in interest rates) conditions affecting the financial services industry generally and not specifically relating to such party or its subsidiaries,
(D) public disclosure of the execution of the merger agreement, public disclosure or consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby (including
any effect on a party’s relationships with its customers or employees) or actions expressly required by the merger agreement in contemplation of the
transactions contemplated thereby, (E) a decline in the trading price of a party’s common stock or the failure, in and of itself, to meet earnings
projections or internal financial forecasts (it being understood that the underlying cause of such decline or failure may be taken into account in
determining whether a material adverse effect has occurred), (F) the expenses incurred by Cadence or State Bank in negotiating, documenting, effecting,
and consummating the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement or (G) the occurrence of any natural or man-made disaster; except, with
respect to subclauses (A), (B) and (C), to the extent that the effects of such change are materially disproportionately adverse to the business, properties,
assets, liabilities, results of operations, or financial condition of such party and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, as compared to other companies in the
industry in which such party and its subsidiaries operate) or (ii) the ability of such party to timely consummate the transactions contemplated by the
merger agreement.

Covenants and Agreements

Conduct of Businesses Prior to the Completion of the Merger

Each of Cadence and State Bank has agreed that, prior to the effective time (or earlier termination of the merger agreement), subject to specified
exceptions, it will, and will cause each of its subsidiaries to, (a) conduct its respective businesses in the ordinary course in all material respects and
(b) use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain and preserve intact its business organization, employees, and advantageous business relationships.
In addition, each of Cadence and State Bank has agreed that, during the same period, subject to specified exceptions, it will, and will cause each of its
subsidiaries to, take no action that would reasonably be expected to adversely affect or materially delay the ability of either of Cadence or State Bank to
obtain any necessary approvals of any governmental entity or regulatory agency required for the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, or
to perform its covenants and agreements under the merger agreement, or to consummate the transactions contemplated thereby on a timely basis.
 

119



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 128/178

Table of Contents

Additionally, Cadence and State Bank have undertaken further covenants. Prior to the effective time (or earlier termination of the merger agreement),
subject to specified exceptions, State Bank may not, and State Bank may not permit any of its subsidiaries to, without prior written consent of Cadence
(such consent not to be unreasonably withheld), undertake the following:
 

 

•  other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice (including the creation of deposit liabilities, purchases of federal
funds, borrowings from the Federal Home Loan Bank, sales of certificates of deposits, and entry into repurchase agreements), incur any
indebtedness for borrowed money (other than indebtedness of State Bank or any of its wholly owned subsidiaries to State Bank or any of its
subsidiaries), assume, guarantee, endorse, or otherwise as an accommodation become responsible for the obligations of any other individual,
corporation, or other entity;

 

 •  adjust, split, combine, or reclassify any capital stock;
 

 

•  make, declare, or pay any dividend, or make any other distribution on, or directly or indirectly redeem, purchase, or otherwise acquire, any
shares of its capital stock or any securities or obligations convertible (whether currently convertible or convertible only after the passage of
time or the occurrence of certain events) into, or exchangeable for, any shares of its capital stock (except (A) regular quarterly cash
dividends by State Bank at a rate not in excess of $0.20 per share of State Bank common stock, (B) dividends paid by any of the subsidiaries
of State Bank to State Bank or any of its wholly owned subsidiaries, (C) the repurchase of shares of its capital stock pursuant to terms and
conditions of its current share repurchase plan, or (D) the acceptance of shares of State Bank common stock as payment for withholding
taxes incurred in connection with the vesting or settlement of State Bank equity awards, in each case, in accordance with past practice and
the terms of the applicable award agreements);

 

 
•  grant any stock options, stock appreciation rights, performance shares, restricted stock units, restricted shares, or other equity-based awards

or interests, or grant any individual, corporation, or other entity any right to acquire any shares of its capital stock (except for de minimis
amounts not to exceed in the aggregate $150,000 per quarter);

 

 

•  issue, sell, or otherwise permit to become outstanding any additional shares of capital stock or securities convertible or exchangeable into, or
exercisable for, any shares of its capital stock or any options, warrants, or other rights of any kind to acquire any shares of capital stock,
except the issuance of shares of State Bank common stock upon the exercise of State Bank’s warrants outstanding at the date of the merger
agreement in accordance with their terms (provided that State Bank may, in order to ensure reasonable compliance with safety and
soundness standards of applicable bank regulatory agencies (following discussions with such regulatory agencies) or to comply with capital
requirements under applicable regulations, engage in a bona fide capital raising transaction without the prior written consent of Cadence);

 

 

•  sell, transfer, mortgage, encumber, or otherwise dispose of any of its properties or assets or any business (in each case in excess of $500,000
based on a GAAP value) to any individual, corporation, or other entity other than a wholly owned subsidiary, or cancel, release, or assign
any indebtedness to any such person or any claims held by any such person, in each case other than in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice, or pursuant to contracts or agreements in force at the date of the merger agreement, subject to certain
exceptions;

 

 
•  except for transactions in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, make any material investment either by purchase of

stock or securities, contributions to capital, property transfers, or purchase of any property or assets of any other individual, corporation, or
other entity other than a wholly owned subsidiary of State Bank;

 

 
•  terminate, materially amend, or waive any material provision of any material contract, or make any change in any instrument or agreement

governing the terms of any of its securities, or material lease or contract, other than normal renewals of contracts and leases without material
adverse changes of terms

 
120



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 129/178

Table of Contents

 
with respect to State Bank, or enter into any contract that would constitute a, material contract if it were in effect on the date of the merger
agreement;

 

 

•  except for certain specified exceptions, (i) enter into, adopt, amend, or terminate any State Bank benefit plan, (ii) increase the compensation
or benefits payable to any current or former employee, officer, director or individual independent contractor, except for normal increases
made in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, (iii) pay or award, or commit to pay or award, any bonuses or
incentive compensation, (iv) take any action to accelerate any payment or benefit payable or to become payable to any current or former
employee, officer, director or individual independent contractor, (v) in the case of an executive vice president or higher of State Bank, enter
into any new, or amend any existing, employment, severance, change in control, retention, collective bargaining or similar agreement or
arrangement, (vi) fund any rabbi trust or similar arrangement, (vii) hire or promote any employee or individual independent contractor
whose title is executive vice president or higher of State Bank, or (viii) terminate the employment or service of any employee or individual
independent contractor whose title is executive vice president or higher of State Bank, other than for cause;

 

 

•  other than commencement or settlement of foreclosure or debt collection actions in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice, settle any material claim, suit, action, or proceeding (i) in connection with collections matters where the amount in dispute is in
excess of $1,000,000, (ii) in connection with any matter other than a collections matter where the amount in dispute is in excess of
$500,000, or (iii) which subjects State Bank or its subsidiaries or the surviving corporation and its subsidiaries to any material restrictions on
its current or future business operations;

 

 
•  take any action or knowingly fail to take any action where such action or failure to act could reasonably be expected to prevent or impede

the merger from qualifying as a “reorganization” within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code;
 

 •  amend the State Bank charter or bylaws or comparable governing documents of its subsidiaries;
 

 
•  merge or consolidate itself or any of its subsidiaries with any other person, or restructure, reorganize, or completely or partially liquidate or

dissolve it or any of its subsidiaries;
 

 
•  materially restructure or materially change its investment securities or derivatives portfolio or its interest rate exposure, through purchases,

sales, or otherwise, or the manner in which the portfolio is classified or reported, or purchase any security rated below investment grade;
 

 •  take any action that is intended or expected to result in a breach of State Bank’s obligations under the merger agreement to effect the merger;
 

 
•  implement or adopt any material change in its accounting principles, practices, or methods, other than as may be required by generally

accepted accounting principles;
 

 

•  (i) enter into any new line of business or change in any material respect its lending, investment, underwriting, risk and asset liability
management, and other banking and operating, securitization, and servicing policies (including any change in the maximum ratio or similar
limits as a percentage of its capital exposure applicable with respect to its loan portfolio or any segment thereof), except as required by
applicable law, regulation, or policies imposed by any governmental entity or (ii) make any loans or extensions of credit except in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice or that is in excess of $10 million in a single transaction, in each case, except
pursuant to existing commitments; provided, that Cadence must respond to any request for a consent to make such loan or extension of
credit in writing within three business days after the loan package is delivered to Cadence or it will be deemed to have consented to such
transaction;

 

 
•  make any material changes in its policies and practices with respect to (i) underwriting, pricing, originating, acquiring, selling, servicing, or

buying or selling rights to service, loans or (ii) its hedging practices and policies, in each case except as may be required by such policies
and practices or by any applicable laws, regulations, guidelines, or policies imposed by any governmental entity;

 
121



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 130/178

Table of Contents

 
•  make, or commit to make, any capital expenditures in excess of $200,000 individually or $500,000 in the aggregate unless required by law

or incurred in connection with the repair or replacement of facilities destroyed or damaged due to casualty or accident (whether or not
covered by insurance);

 

 
•  make, change, or revoke any material tax election, change an annual tax accounting period, adopt or change any material tax accounting

method, file any amended material tax return, enter into any closing agreement with respect to taxes, or settle any material tax claim, audit,
assessment, or dispute, or surrender any material right to claim a refund of taxes; or

 

 
•  agree to take, make any commitment to take, or adopt any resolutions of the State Bank board of directors or similar governing body in

support of, any of the actions prohibited by the merger agreement.

Prior to the effective time (or earlier termination of the merger agreement), subject to specified exceptions, Cadence may not, and Cadence may not
permit any of its subsidiaries to, without prior written consent of State Bank (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld), undertake the following:
 

 
•  amend the Cadence charter or the Cadence bylaws in a manner that would adversely affect the economic benefits of the merger to State

Bank shareholders;
 

 
•  (i) adjust, split, combine, or reclassify any capital stock of Cadence, or (ii) make, declare, or pay any dividend on any shares of capital stock

of Cadence (except regular quarterly cash dividends by Cadence at a rate not in excess of $0.15 per share of Cadence Class A common
stock);

 

 
•  incur any indebtedness for borrowed money (other than indebtedness of Cadence or any of its wholly owned subsidiaries to Cadence or any

of its subsidiaries) that would reasonably be expected to prevent Cadence or its subsidiaries from assuming State Bank’s outstanding
indebtedness;

 

 

•  (i) enter into agreements with respect to, or consummate, any mergers or business combinations, or any acquisition of any other person or
business or (ii) make capital contributions to, or investments in, any other person, in each case of clauses (i) and (ii), that would reasonably
be expected to prevent, impede, or materially delay the consummation of the merger or receipt of regulatory approvals, or (iii) adopt or
publicly propose a plan of complete or partial liquidation or resolutions providing for or authorizing such a liquidation or a dissolution, in
each case, of Cadence;

 

 •  take any action that is intended or expected to result in a breach of Cadence’s obligations under the merger agreement to effect the merger;
 

 
•  take any action or knowingly fail to take any action where such action or failure to act could reasonably be expected to prevent or impede

the merger from qualifying as a “reorganization” within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code; or
 

 
•  agree to take, make any commitment to take, or adopt any resolutions of its board of directors or similar governing body in support of, any

of the actions prohibited by the merger agreement.

Regulatory Matters

Cadence and State Bank have agreed to cooperate and use their respective commercially reasonable efforts to promptly prepare and file, or cause to be
prepared and filed, all necessary documentation, to effect all applications, notices, petitions, and filings, to obtain as promptly as practicable all permits,
consents, approvals, and authorizations of all third parties and governmental entities which are necessary or advisable to consummate the transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement and to comply with the terms and conditions of all such permits, consents, approvals, and authorizations of all
such government entities. However, in no event will Cadence or State Bank be required to take any action (and State Bank will not be permitted to,
without the prior written consent of Cadence, take any action), or commit to take any action, or agree to any condition or restriction, in connection with
obtaining the required permits, consents, approvals, and authorizations of
 

122



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 131/178

Table of Contents

governmental entities that would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the combined company and its subsidiaries, taken as a
whole, after giving effect to the merger. Cadence and State Bank have also agreed to furnish each other with all information reasonably necessary or
advisable in connection with any statement, filing, notice or application to any governmental entity in connection with the merger, as well as to promptly
keep each other apprised of the status of matters related to the completion of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

Employee Benefit Matters

Through the first anniversary of the closing date of the merger, Cadence has agreed to provide each State Bank continuing employee with (i) a base
salary or base wage rate that is no less favorable than that provided by State Bank to the continuing employee immediately prior to the effective time,
(ii) an annual short-term cash incentive opportunity that is substantially comparable to that which is provided by Cadence to similarly situated Cadence
employees, and (iii) other compensation and employee benefits that are substantially comparable in the aggregate to that which is provided by Cadence
to similarly situated Cadence employees; however, Cadence may satisfy its obligations under clause (iii) for a transitional period by providing
compensation and employee benefits on terms that are substantially similar in the aggregate to those provided by State Bank immediately prior to the
effective time.

Following the effective time, Cadence will use commercially reasonable efforts to: (i) waive all pre-existing conditions, exclusions, and waiting periods
with respect to participation and coverage requirements under any employee benefit plans of Cadence or its subsidiaries in which any State Bank
continuing employees are eligible to participate after the effective time, which we refer to as new plans, except to the extent that they would apply under
the analogous State Bank benefit plans, (ii) provide credit for any eligible expenses incurred prior to the effective time under a State Bank benefit plan
(to the same extent that such credit was given under the analogous State Bank benefit plan prior to the effective time) in satisfying any applicable
deductible, co-payment, or out-of-pocket requirements under any new plans, and (iii) subject to certain customary exclusions, recognize all service of
State Bank continuing employees for all purposes in any new plan to the same extent that such service was taken into account under the analogous State
Bank benefit plan prior to the effective time.

Cadence has also agreed to pay severance payments to all State Bank employees whose jobs are eliminated as a result of the merger or whose
employment is terminated by Cadence other than for cause during the 12-month period following the effective time, in accordance with State Bank’s
current practices. Additionally, all accruals existing as of the effective time under State Bank’s non-equity incentive and/or bonus plans that are
consistent with its 2018 budget as approved by the State Bank board of directors will be paid out to the applicable State Bank continuing employees at
the closing of the merger.

Director and Officer Indemnification and Insurance

The merger agreement provides that following completion of the merger, Cadence and the surviving corporation each will indemnify and hold harmless,
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, all present and former directors, officers, and employees of State Bank and its subsidiaries (in their
capacity as such) against any costs and liabilities, whether arising before or after the effective time, arising in whole or in part out of the fact that such
person is or was a director, officer, or employee of State Bank or its subsidiaries, and pertaining to matters existing or occurring at or prior to the
effective time, and will also advance expenses to such persons to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, provided that such person provides an
undertaking to repay such advances if it is ultimately determined that such person is not entitled to indemnification.

The merger agreement requires the surviving corporation to maintain, for a period of six years after completion of the merger, State Bank’s existing
directors’ and officers’ liability insurance policy, or policies with a substantially comparable insurer of at least the same coverage and amounts and
containing terms and conditions that are no less advantageous to the insured, with respect to claims against present and former officers and
 

123



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 132/178

Table of Contents

directors of State Bank and its subsidiaries arising from facts or events that occurred at or prior to the completion of the merger. In lieu of the foregoing,
State Bank, in consultation with Cadence, may (and, at Cadence’s request, will use its commercially reasonable efforts to) obtain at or prior to the
effective time a six-year “tail” policy under State Bank’s existing directors and officers insurance policy providing equivalent coverage to that described
in the preceding sentence. If State Bank purchases such a “tail policy,” Cadence or the surviving corporation must maintain the policy in full force and
effect and continue to honor its obligations under the policy.

Dividends

Cadence and State Bank must coordinate with each other the declaration of any dividends in respect of Cadence Class A common stock and State Bank
common stock and the record dates and payment dates relating thereto to ensure that State Bank shareholders do not fail to receive a dividend (or
receive two dividends) in any one quarter. In furtherance of the foregoing, (i) starting with the second quarter of 2018, the State Bank board of directors
will cause its regular quarterly dividend record dates and payments dates for State Bank common stock to be similar to the regular quarterly dividend
record dates and payments dates for Cadence Class A common stock, and (ii) the Cadence board of directors will continue to pay dividends on Cadence
Class A common stock on substantially the same record and payment date schedules as have been utilized in the past.

Certain Additional Covenants

The merger agreement also contains additional covenants, including, among others, covenants relating to the filing of this joint information
statement/proxy statement and prospectus, obtaining required consents, the listing of the shares of Cadence Class A common stock to be issued in the
merger, access to information, the inapplicability of takeover laws to the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, public announcements
with respect to the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, litigation in connection with the merger agreement, Cadence’s assumption of
State Bank’s obligations in respect of its outstanding debt, guarantees, securities, and other agreements, and the conversion of the State Bank data
processing and related electronic information technology system to facilitate the integration of State Bank with Cadence’s business.

Cadence Written Consent and State Bank Shareholder Meeting

Cadence has obtained the required vote of its stockholders by irrevocable written consent of the requisite number of shares of the Cadence Class A
common stock to adopt the merger agreement and approve the Cadence share issuance, which we refer to as the Cadence written consent, and has
promptly delivered an executed copy of the Cadence written consent to State Bank.

State Bank has agreed to hold a meeting of its shareholders for the purpose of voting upon the approval of the merger agreement as soon as reasonably
practicable and upon other related matters. Except to the extent that the State Bank board of directors has made a State Bank adverse recommendation
change, the State Bank board of directors is required to use its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain from its shareholders the vote required to
approve the merger agreement, including by communicating to its shareholders its recommendation (and including such recommendation in this joint
information statement/proxy statement and prospectus) that they approve the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby.

Notwithstanding any State Bank change in recommendation, unless the merger agreement has been terminated in accordance with its terms, State Bank
is required to convene a meeting of its shareholders and to submit the merger agreement to a vote of such shareholders. State Bank must adjourn or
postpone such meeting if there are insufficient shares of State Bank common stock represented (either in person or by proxy) to constitute a quorum
necessary to conduct the business of such meeting, or if on the date of such meeting State Bank has not received proxies representing a sufficient
number of shares necessary for approval of the merger agreement.
 

124



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 133/178

Table of Contents

Agreement Not to Solicit Other Offers

State Bank has agreed that it will not, and will cause its subsidiaries and use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause its and their officers, directors,
agents, advisors, and representatives not to, directly or indirectly, (i) initiate, solicit, knowingly encourage, or knowingly facilitate inquiries or proposals
with respect to any acquisition proposal, (ii) engage or participate in any negotiations with any person concerning any acquisition proposal, or
(iii) provide any confidential or nonpublic information or data to, or have or participate in any discussions with, any person relating to, any acquisition
proposal except to notify a person that has made or, to the knowledge of State Bank, is making any inquiries with respect to, or is considering making,
an acquisition proposal, of the existence of State Bank’s obligations with respect to such acquisition proposals under the merger agreement. For purposes
of the merger agreement, an “acquisition proposal” means, other than the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, any offer, proposal, or
inquiry relating to, or any third-party indication of interest in, (i) any acquisition or purchase, direct or indirect, of 25% or more of the consolidated
assets of a party and its subsidiaries, or 25% or more of any class of equity or voting securities of a party or its subsidiaries whose assets, individually or
in the aggregate, constitute more than 25% of the consolidated assets of State Bank, (ii) any tender offer (including a self-tender offer) or exchange offer
that, if consummated, would result in such third-party beneficially owning 25% or more of any class of equity or voting securities of State Bank or its
subsidiaries whose assets, individually or in the aggregate, constitute more than 25% of the consolidated assets of State Bank, or (iii) a merger,
consolidation, share exchange, business combination, reorganization, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution, or other similar transaction involving
State Bank or its subsidiaries whose assets, individually or in the aggregate, constitute more than 25% of the consolidated assets of State Bank.

However, in the event that prior to the approval of the merger agreement by State Bank’s shareholders State Bank receives an unsolicited bona fide
written acquisition proposal, it may, and may permit its subsidiaries and its subsidiaries’ officers, directors, agents, advisors, and representatives to,
furnish or cause to be furnished nonpublic information or data and participate in negotiations or discussions to the extent that its board of directors
concludes in good faith (after receiving the advice of its outside counsel, and with respect to financial matters, its financial advisors) that failure to take
such actions would be more likely than not to result in a violation of its fiduciary duties under applicable law, provided that, prior to providing any such
nonpublic information, State Bank enters into a confidentiality agreement with such third-party on terms no less favorable to it than the confidentiality
agreement between Cadence and State Bank, and which confidentiality agreement does not provide such person with any exclusive right to negotiate
with State Bank (we refer to such confidentiality agreement as an acceptable confidentiality agreement). State Bank will, and will use its commercially
reasonable efforts to, cause its and its subsidiaries’ officers, directors, agents, advisors, and representatives to, immediately cease and cause to be
terminated any activities, discussions, or negotiations conducted before the date of the merger agreement with any person other than Cadence with
respect to any acquisition proposal. State Bank will promptly advise Cadence following receipt of any acquisition proposal or any inquiry which could
reasonably be expected to lead to an acquisition proposal, and the substance thereof (including the material terms and conditions of and the identity of
the person making such inquiry or acquisition proposal), and will keep Cadence reasonably apprised of any related developments, discussions, and
negotiations on a current basis, including any amendments to or revisions of the material terms of such inquiry or acquisition proposal. In addition, State
Bank has agreed to withdraw and terminate access that was granted to any person (other than the Cadence and its respective affiliates and
representatives) to any virtual or physical data room that was established in connection with a transaction involving State Bank, and use its reasonable
best efforts to enforce any existing confidentiality or standstill agreements to which it or any of its subsidiaries is a party.

Adverse Recommendation Change

The State Bank board of directors is required not to (i)(A) fail to recommend to the State Bank shareholders that they approve the merger agreement and
the transactions contemplated thereby or fail to include such recommendation in this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus,
(B) change, qualify, withhold, withdraw, or modify, or publicly propose to change, qualify, withhold, withdraw, or modify, in a
 

125



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 134/178

Table of Contents

manner adverse to Cadence, such recommendation, (C) take any formal action or make any recommendation or public statement in connection with a
tender offer or exchange offer other than a recommendation of rejection of such offer or a temporary “stop, look, and listen” communication by the State
Bank board of directors pursuant to Rule 14d-9(f) of the Exchange Act, or (D) adopt, approve, or recommend, or publicly propose to approve or
recommend to the State Bank shareholders, an acquisition proposal (each of the actions described in this clause (i) being referred to as a State Bank
adverse recommendation change); or (ii) cause or permit State Bank or any of its subsidiaries to enter into any letter of intent, agreement, or agreement
in principle with respect to any acquisition proposal (other than an acceptable confidentiality agreement).

Notwithstanding the above, prior to the time the requisite vote of State Bank shareholders is obtained, the State Bank board of directors may, in
connection with a bona fide written acquisition proposal made after the date of the merger agreement (or made prior to the date of the merger agreement
and remade after the date of the merger agreement) and that did not result from any breach of State Bank’s non-solicitation obligations under the merger
agreement, make an adverse recommendation change, if and only if, prior to taking such action, State Bank has complied with its non-solicitation
obligations under the merger agreement and the State Bank board of directors has determined in good faith, after consultation with its financial advisors
and outside legal counsel, that such acquisition proposal constitutes a superior proposal. Prior to taking any such action, (i) State Bank must give
Cadence at least three business days’ prior written notice (specifying the material terms and conditions of the superior proposal, including the identity of
the person or group of persons making the superior proposal) and must contemporaneously provide a copy to Cadence of all written materials (including
all transaction agreements and related documents) with or from the party making the superior proposal, (ii) State Bank must negotiate, and must cause
its representatives to negotiate, in good faith with Cadence during such notice period, to the extent Cadence wishes to negotiate, to enable Cadence to
revise the terms of the merger agreement such that the proposal would no longer constitute a superior proposal, and (iii) following the end of such notice
period, the State Bank board of directors must consider in good faith any changes to the merger agreement proposed in writing by Cadence, and must
determine that the proposal continues to constitute a superior proposal if such revisions were given effect. In the event of any material revisions to an
acquisition proposal that could have an impact, influence, or other effect on the State Bank board of directors’ decision or discussion with respect to
whether such proposal is a superior proposal, State Bank must deliver a new written notice to Cadence and Cadence will have a two business day match
right as set forth in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above.

For purposes of the merger agreement, a “superior proposal” means any bona fide written acquisition proposal that the State Bank board of directors has
determined in its good faith judgment, after consultation with its financial advisors and outside legal counsel, is reasonably likely to be consummated in
accordance with its terms and that is reasonably likely to result in the consummation of a transaction more favorable to State Bank shareholders than the
merger, taking into account such factors as the State Bank board of directors in good faith deems relevant, including legal, financial, regulatory and
other aspects of the proposal, and any changes to the terms of the merger agreement proposed by Cadence in response to such proposal or otherwise
(provided, that for purposes of the definition of “superior proposal,” the references to “25%” in the definition of acquisition proposal will be deemed to
be references to “50%”).

Conditions to Complete the Merger

The respective obligations of each of Cadence and State Bank to complete the merger is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the following conditions:
 

 
•  the adoption of the merger agreement by Cadence’s stockholders, which was obtained immediately after the execution of the merger

agreement, and the approval of the merger agreement by State Bank’s shareholders;
 

 
•  the authorization for listing on the NYSE, subject to official notice of issuance, of the Cadence Class A common stock to be issued upon the

consummation of the merger;
 

126



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 135/178

Table of Contents

 
•  the receipt and effectiveness of the requisite regulatory approvals contemplated by the merger agreement and the expiration of all statutory

waiting periods in respect thereof, without the imposition of any condition or restriction that would reasonably be expected to have a
material adverse effect on the combined company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, after giving effect to the merger;

 

 
•  the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus is a part, and the

absence of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of such registration statement (or any proceedings for that purpose initiated or
threatened by the SEC and not withdrawn);

 

 

•  the absence of any order, injunction, or decree by any court or agency of competent jurisdiction or other legal restraint or prohibition
preventing the completion of the merger or any of the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, and the absence of any
statute, rule, regulation, order, injunction, or decree enacted, entered, promulgated, or enforced by any governmental entity which prohibits
or makes illegal consummation of the merger;

 

 
•  the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the other party contained in the merger agreement as of the date of the merger

agreement and as of the closing date of the merger, subject to the materiality standards provided in the merger agreement (and the receipt by
such party of an officer’s certificate from the other party to such effect);

 

 
•  the performance by the other party in all material respects of all obligations required to be performed by it under the merger agreement at or

prior to the closing date of the merger (and the receipt by such party of an officer’s certificate from the other party to such effect);
 

 
•  receipt by such party of an opinion of legal counsel to the effect that on the basis of facts, representations, and assumptions set forth or

referred to in such opinion, the merger will qualify as a “reorganization” within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code; and
 

 
•  the absence of any change, state of facts, event, development or effect that has had, or would reasonably be expected to have, either

individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on the other party since March 31, 2018.

Neither Cadence nor State Bank can provide assurance as to when or if all of the conditions to the merger can or will be satisfied or waived by the
appropriate party. As of the date of this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus, neither Cadence nor State Bank has reason to
believe that any of these conditions will not be satisfied.

Termination of the Merger Agreement

The merger agreement may be terminated at any time prior to completion of the merger in the following circumstances:
 

 
•  By mutual written consent of Cadence and State Bank, if each of the Cadence board of directors and the State Bank board of directors

determines to terminate the merger agreement by a vote of a majority of the members of its entire board;
 

 •  By either Cadence or State Bank:
 

 

•  if any governmental entity that must grant a requisite regulatory approval has denied approval of the merger or the bank merger and
such denial has become final and nonappealable, or any governmental entity of competent jurisdiction has issued a final and
nonappealable order permanently enjoining or otherwise prohibiting, or making illegal, the consummation of the merger or the bank
merger, unless the failure to obtain a requisite regulatory approval is due to the failure of the party seeking to terminate the merger
agreement to perform or observe its covenants and agreements under the merger agreement;

 
127



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 136/178

Table of Contents

 

•  if the merger has not been completed on or before May 11, 2019, which we refer to as the termination date (subject to (1) extension
by mutual written consent of Cadence and State Bank and (2) extension by an additional 30 days if all conditions to closing have
been satisfied, other than the conditions with respect to the requisite regulatory approvals and the effectiveness of the registration
statement of which this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus is a part, and either party notifies the other in
writing of its election to extend the termination date), unless the failure of the merger to be consummated by the termination date is
due to the failure of the party seeking to extend the termination date or terminate the merger agreement to perform or observe its
covenants and agreements under the merger agreement; or

 

 

•  if there is a breach of any of the covenants or agreements or any of the representations or warranties (or any such representation or
warranty shall cease to be true) set forth in the merger agreement on the part of the other party which, either individually or in the
aggregate, would constitute, if occurring or continuing on the date the merger is completed, the failure of a closing condition of the
terminating party and which is not cured within 45 days following written notice to the party committing such breach, or by its
nature or timing cannot be cured during such period (or such fewer days as remain prior to the termination date) (provided that the
terminating party is not then in material breach of any representation, warranty, covenant, or other agreement contained in the merger
agreement); or

 

 •  By Cadence:
 

 

•  if, prior to obtaining the approval of State Bank shareholders of the merger proposal, (i) the State Bank board of directors (A) fails to
recommend in this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus that the State Bank shareholders approve the merger
agreement, or withdraws, modifies, or qualifies such recommendation in a manner adverse to Cadence, or publicly discloses that it
has resolved to do so, or fails to recommend against acceptance of a tender offer or exchange offer constituting an acquisition
proposal that has been publicly disclosed within ten business days after the commencement of such tender or exchange offer, in any
such case whether or not permitted by the terms thereof, or (B) recommends or endorses an acquisition proposal, or fails to issue a
press release announcing its opposition to such acquisition proposal within ten business days after an acquisition proposal is publicly
announced, or (ii) State Bank or the State Bank board of directors has breached its non-solicitation obligations or obligations with
respect to the State Bank shareholder approval under the merger agreement in any material respect; or

 

 •  By State Bank:
 

 

•  if the approval of State Bank shareholders required by the merger agreement is not obtained at the State Bank special meeting or any
adjournment or postponement of the State Bank special meeting, in order to enter into a definitive agreement with respect to a
superior proposal, provided that (i) State Bank has complied with its non-solicitation obligations under the merger agreement in all
material respects and (ii) State Bank pays (or causes to be paid) the termination fee prior to or simultaneously with such termination;

 

 
•  if the Cadence written consent is not delivered to State Bank prior to 10:00 a.m. New York City time on the date immediately

following the date of the merger agreement (the Cadence written consent was delivered to State Bank immediately after the
execution of the merger agreement); or

 

 
•  if the price of the Cadence Class A common stock declines by more than 15% and the price of Cadence Class A common stock

underperforms a bank stock index by more than 15%, provided that Cadence will have a right to increase the exchange ratio to
prevent these thresholds from being triggered in the event that State Bank seeks to exercise this right.

 
128



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 137/178

Table of Contents

Effect of Termination

If the merger agreement is terminated, it will become void and have no effect, except that (1) both Cadence and State Bank will remain liable for any
liabilities or damages arising out of its willful and material breach of any provision of the merger agreement and (2) designated provisions of the merger
agreement will survive the termination, including those relating to any payment of a termination fee and the confidential treatment of information.

Termination Fee and Expense Reimbursement

State Bank will pay Cadence a termination fee of $37,500,000, which we refer to as the termination fee, if the merger agreement is terminated in the
following circumstances:
 

 

•  In the event that after the date of the merger agreement and prior to the termination of the merger agreement, a bona fide acquisition
proposal has been made known to senior management of State Bank or has been made directly to its stockholders generally, or any person
shall have publicly announced (and not withdrawn) an acquisition proposal with respect to State Bank and (A) thereafter the merger
agreement is terminated by either Cadence or State Bank because the merger has not been completed prior to the termination date, and State
Bank has failed to obtain the required vote of its shareholders at the State Bank special meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof
at which a vote on the approval of the merger agreement is taken or (B) thereafter the merger agreement is terminated by Cadence as a result
of a willful breach of the merger agreement by State Bank that would constitute the failure of a closing condition and that has not been cured
during the permitted time period, or by its nature cannot be cured during such period, and (C) prior to the date that is fifteen months after the
date of such termination, State Bank enters into a definitive agreement or consummates a transaction with respect to an acquisition proposal
(whether or not the same acquisition proposal as that referred to above), then State Bank will, on the earlier of the date it enters into such
definitive agreement and the date of consummation of such transaction, pay Cadence, by wire transfer of same day funds, the termination
fee (provided that for purposes of the foregoing, all references in the definition of acquisition proposal to “25%” will instead refer to
“50%”).

 

 
•  State Bank will pay Cadence by wire transfer of same day funds the termination fee in the event that Cadence terminates the agreement

because of an adverse recommendation change by the State Bank board of directors.

Cadence will pay State Bank by wire transfer of same day funds an expense reimbursement amount of $2,000,000, which we refer to as the expense
reimbursement, if the merger agreement is terminated by Cadence or State Bank due to failure to obtain the requisite regulatory approvals, which failure
is caused primarily by regulatory concerns related to Cadence and its subsidiaries.

Expenses and Fees

All costs and expenses incurred in connection with the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby will be paid by the party incurring
such expense, except that the costs and expenses of printing and mailing this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus and all filing
and other fees paid to the SEC in connection with the merger will be borne equally by Cadence and State Bank.

Amendment, Waiver and Extension of the Merger Agreement

Subject to compliance with applicable law, the merger agreement may be amended by Cadence and State Bank, by action taken or authorized by their
respective boards of directors, at any time before or after the approval of the matters presented in connection with the merger by the stockholders of
Cadence and the shareholders of State Bank, as applicable, except that after adoption of the merger agreement by the Cadence stockholders or approval
 

129



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 138/178

Table of Contents

of the merger agreement by State Bank shareholders, there may not be, without further adoption or approval of such stockholders or shareholders, as
applicable, any amendment of the merger agreement that requires further approval of such stockholders or shareholders under applicable law.

At any time prior to the completion of the merger, the Cadence board of directors or the State Bank board of directors may, to the extent legally allowed,
extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts of the other party, waive any inaccuracies in the representations and
warranties contained in the merger agreement or in any document delivered pursuant to the merger agreement, and waive compliance with any of the
agreements or satisfaction of any conditions contained in the merger agreement, except that after the adoption of the merger agreement by Cadence
stockholders or approval of the merger agreement by State Bank shareholders, there may not be, without further adoption or approval of such
stockholders or shareholders, as applicable, any extension or waiver of the merger agreement or any portion thereof that requires further approval under
applicable law.
 

130



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 139/178

Table of Contents

ACCOUNTING TREATMENT

The accounting principles applicable to this transaction as described in FASB ASC 805-10-05-01 provide transactions that represent business
combinations are to be accounted for under the acquisition method. The acquisition method requires all of the following steps: a) identifying the
acquirer; b) determining the acquisition date; c) recognizing and measuring the identifiable assets acquired, the liabilities assumed, and any
noncontrolling interest in the acquiree; and d) recognizing and measuring goodwill or a gain from a bargain purchase.

The appropriate accounting treatment for this transaction is as a business combination under the acquisition method. On the acquisition date, as defined
by ASC 805, Cadence (the acquirer) will record at fair value the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed, any noncontrolling interest, and
goodwill (or a gain from a bargain purchase). The results of operations for the combined company will be reported prospectively after the acquisition
date.
 

131



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 140/178

Table of Contents

MATERIAL U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER

The following is a general discussion of material U.S. federal income tax consequences of the merger to U.S. holders (as defined below) of State Bank
common stock that exchange their shares of State Bank common stock for shares of Cadence Class A common stock in the merger. The following
discussion is based upon the Code, the U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder and judicial and administrative authorities, rulings and
decisions, all as in effect as of the date of this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus. These authorities may change, possibly with
retroactive effect, and any such change could affect the accuracy of the statements and conclusions set forth in this discussion. This discussion does not
address any tax consequences arising under the unearned income Medicare contribution tax pursuant to the Health Care and Education Reconciliation
Act of 2010, any withholding considerations under the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act of 2010 (including the U.S. Treasury Regulations issued
thereunder and intergovernmental agreements entered into pursuant thereto or in connection therewith) nor does it address any tax consequences arising
under the laws of any state, local or foreign jurisdiction, or under any U.S. federal laws other than those pertaining to the income tax.

The following discussion applies only to holders of State Bank common stock who hold such shares as a capital asset within the meaning of
Section 1221 of the Code (generally, property held for investment). Further, this discussion does not purport to consider all aspects of U.S. federal
income taxation that might be relevant to holders in light of their particular circumstances and does not apply to holders subject to special treatment
under the U.S. federal income tax laws (such as, for example, dealers or brokers in securities, commodities or foreign currencies; traders in securities
that elect to apply a mark-to-market method of accounting; banks and certain other financial institutions; insurance companies; mutual funds;
tax-exempt organizations; holders subject to the alternative minimum tax provisions of the Code; persons who are required to recognize income or gain
with respect to the merger no later than such income or gain is required to be reported on an applicable financial statement under Section 451(b) of the
Code; partnerships, S corporations or other pass-through entities (or investors therein); regulated investment companies; real estate investment trusts;
former citizens or residents of the United States; U.S. expatriates; U.S. holders whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar; holders who hold shares
of State Bank common stock as part of a hedge, straddle, constructive sale or conversion transaction or other integrated investment; holders who
acquired State Bank common stock pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options, through a tax qualified retirement plan or otherwise as
compensation; holders who exercise appraisal rights; or holders who actually or constructively own more than 5% of State Bank’s voting stock).

For purposes of this discussion, the term “U.S. holder” means a beneficial owner of State Bank common stock that is, for U.S. federal income tax
purposes, (1) an individual citizen or resident of the United States, (2) a corporation, or entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax
purposes, organized in or under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia, (3) a trust if (a) a court within the United
States is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust and one or more U.S. persons have the authority to control all
substantial decisions of the trust or (b) such trust has made a valid election to be treated as a U.S. person for U.S. federal income tax purposes or (4) an
estate, the income of which is includible in gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes, regardless of its source.

If an entity or arrangement treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes is a holder of State Bank common stock, the tax treatment of a
partner in such partnership generally will depend on the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. Any entity treated as a partnership for
U.S. federal income tax purposes that is a holder of State Bank common stock, and any partners in such partnership, should consult their tax advisors
regarding the tax consequences of the merger to their specific circumstances.

All holders of State Bank common stock should consult their tax advisors regarding the specific tax consequences to them of the merger in light
of their particular facts and circumstances, including the applicability and effect of the alternative minimum tax and any state, local, foreign
and other tax laws.
 

132



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 141/178

Table of Contents

In General. It is a condition to the obligation of Cadence to complete the merger that Cadence receive an opinion from Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz,
special counsel to Cadence, dated as of the closing date, to the effect that the merger will qualify as a “reorganization” within the meaning of
Section 368(a) of the Code. It is a condition to the obligation of State Bank to complete the merger that State Bank receive an opinion from Nelson
Mullins Riley & Scarborough LLP, counsel to State Bank, dated as of the closing date, to the effect that the merger will qualify as a “reorganization”
within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code. These opinions will be based on customary assumptions and representations from Cadence and State
Bank, as well as on certain covenants and undertakings by Cadence and State Bank. If any of the representations, assumptions, covenants or
undertakings upon which those opinions are based is incorrect, incomplete, inaccurate or violated, the validity of the opinions may be affected and the
tax consequences of the merger could differ from those described in this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus.

Neither of the opinions described above will be binding on the IRS or any court. Cadence and State Bank have not sought and will not seek any ruling
from the IRS regarding any matters relating to the merger, and as a result, there can be no assurance that the IRS will not assert, or that a court would not
sustain, a position contrary to any of the conclusions set forth below. The following is based on the receipt and accuracy of the above described
opinions.

U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger to U.S. Holders of State Bank Common Stock

The U.S. federal income tax consequences of the merger to U.S. holders of State Bank common stock generally will be as follows:
 

 
•  a U.S. holder of State Bank common stock generally will not recognize gain or loss upon the exchange of shares of State Bank common

stock for shares of Cadence Class A common stock pursuant to the merger, except with respect to cash received instead of fractional shares
of Cadence Class A common stock;

 

 
•  a U.S. holder of State Bank common stock will have an aggregate tax basis in the Cadence Class A common stock received in the merger

(including any fractional shares deemed received and redeemed for cash as described below) equal to the aggregate adjusted tax basis in the
shares of State Bank common stock surrendered in the merger; and

 

 
•  a U.S. holder of State Bank common stock will have a holding period for the shares of Cadence Class A common stock received in the

merger (including any fractional share deemed received and redeemed for cash as described below) that includes the holding period of the
shares of State Bank common stock surrendered in the merger.

If a U.S. holder acquired different blocks of State Bank common stock at different times or at different prices, the Cadence Class A common stock such
holder receives will be allocated pro rata to each block of State Bank common stock, and the basis and holding period of each block of Cadence Class A
common stock received will be determined on a block-for-block basis depending on the basis and holding period of the blocks of State Bank common
stock exchanged for such Cadence Class A common stock.

A U.S. holder of State Bank common stock who receives cash instead of a fractional share of Cadence Class A common stock, generally will be treated
as having received such fractional share of Cadence Class A common stock pursuant to the merger and then as having received cash in redemption of
such fractional share of Cadence Class A common stock. Any such holder generally will recognize gain or loss equal to the difference between the
amount of cash received and the tax basis in the fractional share of Cadence Class A common stock (as set forth above). Such gain or loss generally will
be capital gain or loss, and will be long-term capital gain or loss if, as of the effective date of the merger, the holding period for such fractional share
(including the holding period of shares of State Bank common stock surrendered therefor) exceeds one year. Long-term capital gains of certain
non-corporate holders of State Bank common stock, including individuals, are generally taxed at preferential rates. The deductibility of capital losses is
subject to limitations.
 

133



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 142/178

Table of Contents

Information Reporting and Withholding

Payments of cash made pursuant to the merger to a U.S. holder of State Bank common stock generally will be subject to information reporting and may
be subject to U.S. federal backup withholding (currently, at a rate of 24%).

To prevent backup withholding, U.S. holders of State Bank common stock should provide the Exchange Agent with a properly completed IRS Form
W-9. Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Any amount withheld under the backup withholding rules may be refunded or credited against a U.S.
holder’s United States federal income tax liability if the required information is supplied to the IRS in a timely manner.

This discussion of certain material U.S. federal income tax consequences is not intended to be, and should not be construed as, tax advice. All
holders of State Bank common stock should consult their tax advisors with respect to the application of U.S. federal income tax laws to their
particular situations as well as any tax consequences arising under the U.S. federal estate or gift tax rules, or under the laws of any state, local,
foreign or other taxing jurisdiction or under any applicable tax treaty.
 

134



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 143/178

Table of Contents

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The tables below set forth the condensed consolidated financial information for each of Cadence and State Bank as well as unaudited pro forma
combined condensed consolidated financial information for Cadence and State Bank reflecting the merger, for the year ended December 31, 2017 and as
of and for the three months ended March 31, 2018. Except as otherwise noted in the footnotes to the table, (i) the financial information included under
the “Cadence Historical” column is derived from the unaudited interim financial statements of Cadence as of and for the period ended March 31, 2018
and the audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2017, and (ii) the financial information under the “State Bank Historical” column
is derived from State Bank’s unaudited financial statements for the period ended March 31, 2018 and State Bank’s audited financial statements for the
year ended December 31, 2017. The unaudited interim financial statements for Cadence are included in its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
quarter ended March 31, 2018, and the audited financial statements for Cadence are included in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2017, each of which are incorporated by reference into this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus. The unaudited
interim financial statements and the audited financial statements for State Bank are included in the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Cadence on
May 21, 2018, as amended by Amendment No. 1 thereto, dated May 22, 2018, which is incorporated by reference into this joint information
statement/proxy statement and prospectus.

The unaudited pro forma combined condensed consolidated financial information has been prepared using the acquisition method of accounting,
adjusted from Cadence’s unaudited interim financial statements as of and for the period ended March 31, 2018 and Cadence’s audited financial
statements for the year ended December 31, 2017 to give effect to the merger and the estimated acquisition accounting adjustments resulting from the
merger. The unaudited pro forma combined condensed consolidated balance sheet as of March 31, 2018 in the table below are presented as if the merger
occurred on March 31, 2018, and the unaudited pro forma combined condensed consolidated statements of income for the three months ended
March 31, 2018 and the year ended December 31, 2017 is presented as if the merger occurred on January 1, 2017. You should read such information in
conjunction with Cadence’s and State Bank’s consolidated financial statements for the three months ended March 31, 2018 and the year ended
December 31, 2017 and related notes incorporated by reference into this joint information statement / proxy statement and prospectus, as well as the
accompanying Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet and Statements of Income.

The pro forma adjustments reflected in the table are subject to change in accordance with the terms of the merger agreement and as additional
information becomes available and additional analyses are performed. The actual adjustments may be materially different from those reflected in the
unaudited pro forma adjustments presented herein. Assumptions and estimates underlying the adjustments to the unaudited pro forma financial
information are described in the accompanying notes. Cadence’s management believes that the assumptions provide a reasonable basis for presenting the
significant effects of the merger.

The unaudited pro forma combined condensed consolidated financial information is presented for illustrative purposes only and does not necessarily
indicate the financial results of the combined companies had Cadence and State Bank actually been combined as of the dates indicated and at the
beginning of the periods presented, nor does it necessarily indicate the results of operations in future periods or the future financial position of the
combined entities, which could differ materially from those shown in this information. The unaudited pro forma financial information does not reflect
the benefits of expected synergies or other factors that may result as a consequence of the merger.
 

135



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 144/178

Table of Contents

UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
 
   As of March 31, 2018  

(In thousands, except share data)   
Cadence

Historical   
State Bank
Historical   

Pro Forma
Adjustments   Reference   

Pro Forma
Combined  

Assets        
Cash and cash equivalents   $ 416,696  $ 81,733  $ 525   A    $ 498,954 
Securities available-for-sale    1,246,005   863,697      2,109,702 
Securities held-to-maturity    —     27,558   592   B     28,150 
Loans held for sale    37,446   47,482   (910)   C     84,018 
Loans    8,646,987   3,618,521   (29,273)   C     12,236,235 
Less: allowance for credit losses    (91,537)   (31,317)   31,317   D     (91,537) 

    
 

   
 

      
 

Net loans    8,555,450   3,587,204      12,144,698 
Premises and equipment, net    62,092   52,410   (206)   E     114,296 
Goodwill    317,817   84,564   697,824   F     1,100,205 
Other intangible assets, net    9,430   10,384   39,506   G     59,320 
Other assets    354,446   137,265   (9,590)   E, J     482,121 

    
 

   
 

      
 

Total Assets   $10,999,382  $ 4,892,297     $ 16,621,464 
    

 

   

 

      

 

Liabilities and Shareholder’s Equity        
Liabilities:        

Noninterest-bearing deposits   $ 2,040,977  $ 1,089,579     $ 3,130,556 
Interest-bearing deposits    7,007,994   3,094,853   (782)   H    10,102,065 

    
 

   
 

      
 

Total deposits    9,048,971   4,184,432      13,232,621 
Borrowings    471,335   24,565      495,900 
Other liabilities    121,973   36,646   27,087   I    185,706 

    
 

   
 

      
 

Total liabilities    9,642,279   4,245,643      13,914,227 
    

 
   

 
      

 

Shareholders’ equity    1,357,103   646,654   703,480   K, L     2,707,237 
    

 
   

 
      

 

Total Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity   $10,999,382  $ 4,892,297     $ 16,621,464 
    

 

   

 

      

 

Total shares of Class A common stock outstanding    83,625,000   39,003,412   6,431,803   M     129,059,215 
    

 

   

 

      

 

 
136



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 145/178

Table of Contents

UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
 
   For the Three-Months Ended March 31, 2018  

(In thousands, except per share data)   
Cadence

Historical    
State Bank
Historical    

Pro Forma
Adjustments   Reference   

Pro Forma
Combined  

Interest Income          
Interest and fees on loans   $ 102,791   $ 54,390   $ (2,727)   N    $ 154,454 
Interest and dividends on securities:    10,302    6,171    1,505   N     17,978 

    
 

    
 

       
 

Total interest income    113,093    60,561       172,432 
Interest Expense          
Interest on deposits    16,630    5,428    25   O     22,083 
Interest on borrowed funds    5,352    277       5,629 

    
 

    
 

       
 

Total interest expense    21,982    5,705       27,712 
    

 
    

 
       

 

Net interest income    91,111    54,856       144,720 
Provision for credit losses    4,380    3,208       7,588 

    
 

    
 

       
 

Net interest income after provision for credit losses    86,731    51,648       137,132 
Noninterest Income    24,983    10,461       35,444 
Noninterest Expense    61,939    39,268    1,555   P     102,762 

    
 

    
 

       
 

Income before income taxes    49,775    22,841       69,814 
Income tax expense    10,950    5,476    (645)   Q     15,781 

    
 

    
 

       
 

Net income   $ 38,825   $ 17,365      $ 54,033 
    

 

    

 

       

 

Weighted average common shares outstanding (Basic)    83,625,000    38,032,007    7,402,208   R     129,059,215 
Weighted average common shares outstanding (Diluted)    84,674,807    38,070,555    7,363,660   R     130,109,022 
Earnings per common share (Basic)   $ 0.46   $ 0.45      $ 0.42 

    

 

    

 

       

 

Earnings per common share (Diluted)   $ 0.46   $ 0.44      $ 0.42 
    

 

    

 

       

 

 
137



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 146/178

Table of Contents

   For the Year Ended December 31, 2017  

(In thousands, except per share data)   
Cadence

Historical    
State Bank
Historical    

Pro Forma
Adjustments   Reference   

Pro Forma
Combined  

Interest Income          
Interest and fees on loans   $ 359,308   $ 185,354   $ (15,042)   N    $ 529,620 
Interest and dividends on securities:    37,559    23,024    6,348   N     66,931 

    
 

    
 

       
 

Total interest income    396,867    208,378       596,551 
Interest Expense          
Interest on deposits    49,699    15,059    150   O     64,908 
Interest on borrowed funds    20,952    533       21,485 

    
 

    
 

       
 

Total interest expense    70,651    15,592       86,393 
    

 
    

 
       

 

Net interest income    326,216    192,786       510,158 
Provision for credit losses    9,735    6,110       15,845 

    
 

    
 

       
 

Net interest income after provision for credit
losses    316,481    186,676       494,313 

Noninterest Income    99,874    39,757       139,631 
Noninterest Expense    233,356    138,817    6,627   P     378,800 

    
 

    
 

       
 

Income before income taxes    182,999    87,616       255,144 
Income tax expense    80,646    41,042    (5,725)   Q     115,963 

    
 

    
 

       
 

Net income   $ 102,353   $ 46,574      $ 139,181 
    

 

    

 

       

 

Weighted average common shares outstanding (Basic)    81,072,945    37,923,320    7,510,895   R     126,507,160 
Weighted average common shares outstanding

(Diluted)    81,605,015    37,994,657    7,439,558   R     127,039,230 
Earnings per common share (Basic)   $ 1.26   $ 1.20      $ 1.10 

    

 

    

 

       

 

Earnings per common share (Diluted)   $ 1.25   $ 1.19      $ 1.10 
    

 

    

 

       

 

 
138



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 147/178

Table of Contents

NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEET AND STATEMENTS OF INCOME

Note 1—Basis of Presentation

The pro forma condensed combined financial information and explanatory notes have been prepared to illustrate the effects of the merger under the
acquisition method of accounting with Cadence treated as the acquirer. The pro forma condensed combined financial information is presented for
illustrative purposes only and does not necessarily indicate the financial results of the combined companies had the companies actually been combined
at the beginning of each period presented, nor does it necessarily indicate the results of operations in future periods or the future financial position of the
combined entities. Under the acquisition method of accounting, the assets and liabilities of State Bank, as of the effective date of the merger, will be
recorded by Cadence at their respective fair values and the excess of the merger consideration over the fair value of State Bank’s net assets will be
allocated to goodwill.

The merger, which is currently expected to be completed in the fourth quarter of 2018, provides that the State Bank shareholders will receive 1.160
shares of Cadence Class A common stock, valuing the transaction at approximately $1.4 billion based on the closing share price of the Cadence Class A
common stock on the NYSE of $30.23 on May 11, 2018, the last trading day before the execution and public announcement of the merger agreement.

The pro forma allocation of the purchase price reflected in the pro forma condensed combined financial information is subject to adjustment and may
vary from the actual purchase price allocation that will be recorded at the time the merger is completed. Adjustments may include, but not be limited to,
changes in (i) State Bank’s balance sheet through the effective time; (ii) the aggregate value of merger consideration paid if the price of shares of
Cadence Class A common stock varies from the assumed $30.23 per share, which represents the closing share price of the Cadence Class A common
stock on the NYSE on May 11, 2018; (iii) total merger-related expenses if consummation and/or implementation costs vary from currently estimated
amounts; and (iv) the underlying values of assets and liabilities if market conditions differ from current assumptions.

Note 2—Preliminary Purchase Price Allocation

The pro forma adjustments include the estimated purchase accounting entries to record the merger transaction. The excess of the purchase price over the
fair value of net assets acquired, net of deferred taxes, is allocated to goodwill. Estimated fair value adjustments included in the pro forma condensed
combined financial information are based upon available information and certain assumptions considered reasonable, and may be revised as additional
information becomes available.

Core deposit intangible assets of $49.9 million are included in the pro forma adjustments separate from goodwill and amortized using the
sum-of-the-years-digits method over ten years. Goodwill totaling $782.4 million is included in the pro forma adjustments and is not subject to
amortization. The purchase price is contingent on the price per share of Cadence Class A common stock at the effective time of the merger, which has
not yet occurred. Accordingly, a 10% increase or decrease in Cadence’s most recently used price per share of the Cadence Class A common stock would
result in a corresponding goodwill adjustment of approximately $137 million.
 

139



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 148/178

Table of Contents

The preliminary purchase price allocation is as follows:
 

(In thousands, except share and per share amounts)         
Pro Forma Purchase Price     
Shares of State Bank common stock currently outstanding    39,114,525   
Pro Forma exercise of outstanding warrants    52,902   

    
 

  

Estimated Shares of State Bank common stock outstanding    39,167,427   
Exchange ratio    1.16   

    
 

  

Total number of shares of Cadence Class A common stock issued    45,434,215   
Share price of Cadence Class A common stock   $ 30.23   

    
 

  

Equity portion of purchase price     $1,373,476 

State Bank Net Assets at Fair Value     
Assets acquired     

Cash and cash equivalents      82,258 
Investment securities      891,847 
Loans      3,635,820 
Core deposit intangibles      49,890 
Other assets      179,879 

      
 

Total assets acquired      4,839,694 
Liabilities assumed     

Deposits      4,183,650 
Borrowings      24,565 
Other liabilities      40,391 

      
 

Total liabilities assumed      4,248,606 
      

 

Net assets acquired      591,088 
      

 

Preliminary pro forma goodwill     $ 782,388 
      

 

Note 3—Pro Forma Adjustments

The following pro forma adjustments have been reflected in the pro forma condensed combined financial information. All taxable adjustments were
calculated using a 23.0% tax rate to arrive at deferred tax asset or liability adjustments. All adjustments are based on current assumptions and valuations,
which are subject to change.
 

 A. Adjustments to cash and cash equivalents to reflect estimated cash of $525 thousand in proceeds from exercise of stock warrants.
 

 B. Adjustment to securities classified as held-to-maturity to reflect estimated fair value of acquired investment securities.
 

 
C. Adjustment to loans, net of unearned income to reflect estimated fair value adjustments, which include lifetime credit loss expectations,

current interest rates and liquidity, to acquired loans.
 

 
D. Elimination of State Bank’s existing allowance for loan losses. Purchased loans in a business combination are recorded at estimated fair

value on the purchase date and the carryover of the related allowance for loan losses is prohibited.
 

 E. Adjustment to premises and equipment to reflect estimated fair value of acquired premises and equipment.
 

 
F. Adjustments to goodwill to eliminate State Bank goodwill of $84.6 million at merger date and record estimated goodwill associated with the

merger of $782.4 million.
 

140



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 149/178

Table of Contents

 
G. Adjustments to other intangible assets to eliminate State Bank net intangible assets of $10.4 million and Cadence’s estimated core deposit

intangible assets of $49.9 million, which are estimated to be 1.5% of total deposits less time deposits.
 

 H. Adjustment to interest-bearing deposits to reflect estimated fair value of acquired interest-bearing deposits.
 

 
I. Adjustment to accrued expenses and other liabilities to reflect the effects of the acquisition accounting adjustments and contractually

obligated transactions costs.
 

 
J. Adjustment to deferred tax asset of $9.6 million to reflect the effects of the acquisition accounting adjustments and contractually obligated

transaction costs.
 

 
K. Adjustments to eliminate State Bank’s equity and record the issuance of the Cadence Class A common stock to State Bank common

shareholders.
 

 
L. Adjustment to Cadence’s equity for $1.2 million in costs related to issuance of stock and after-tax contractually obligated transaction costs

of $23.3 million.
 

 
M. Adjustments to common shares outstanding to eliminate 39,003,412 shares of State Bank common stock outstanding as of March 31, 2018

and record 46,557,903 shares of Cadence Class A common stock issued in the merger calculated using the exchange ratio of 1.160 shares of
Cadence Class A common stock per share of State Bank common stock (see Note 2—Preliminary Purchase Price Allocation).

 

 
N. Net adjustments to interest income of $(1.2) million and $(8.7) million for the three months ended March 31, 2018 and the year ended

December 31, 2017, respectively, to eliminate State Bank amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts on previously acquired loans
and securities and record estimated amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts on acquired loans and held-to-maturity securities.

 

 
O. Net adjustments to interest expense of $25 thousand and $150 thousand for the three months ended March 31, 2018 and the year ended

December 31, 2017, respectively, to eliminate State Bank amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts on previously acquired
deposits and record estimated amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts on acquired deposits.

 

 
P. Net adjustments to noninterest expense of $1.6 million and $6.6 million for the three months ended March 31, 2018 and the year ended

December 31, 2017, respectively, to eliminate State Bank amortization expense on other intangible assets and record estimated amortization
of acquired other intangible assets.

 

 
Q. Adjustment to income tax expense to record the income tax effects of pro forma adjustments at the estimated blended federal and state tax

rate of 22.0% and 37.0% as of March 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017, respectively.
 

 
R. Adjustments to weighted-average shares of Cadence Class A common stock outstanding to eliminate weighted-average shares of State Bank

common stock outstanding and record shares of Cadence’s Class A common stock issued in the merger, calculated using the exchange ratio
of 1.160 shares of Cadence Class A common stock per each share of State Bank common stock.

Note 4—Merger- and Integration-Related Costs

Merger- and integration-related costs are not included in the pro forma condensed combined statements of income since they will be recorded in the
combined results of income as they are incurred prior to, or after completion of, the merger and are not indicative of what the historical results of the
combined company would have been had the companies been actually combined during the periods presented.
 

141



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 150/178

Table of Contents

DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK OF CADENCE

As a result of the merger, State Bank shareholders who receive shares of Cadence Class A common stock in the merger will become stockholders of
Cadence. Your rights as stockholder of Cadence will be governed by the DGCL, the Cadence charter, and the Cadence bylaws. The following briefly
summarizes the material terms of Cadence Class A common stock that will be issued in connection with the merger. We urge you to read the applicable
provisions of the DGCL, the Cadence charter, and the Cadence bylaws. Copies of Cadence’s and State Bank’s governing documents have been filed with
the SEC. To find out where copies of these documents can be obtained, see “Where You Can Find More Information.”

Description of Capital Stock

The following is a summary of Cadence’s capital stock and certain terms of Cadence’s charter bylaws. This discussion summarizes some of the
important rights of Cadence’s stockholders but does not purport to be a complete description of these rights and may not contain all of the information
regarding Cadence’s capital stock that is important to you. These rights can only be determined in full, and the descriptions herein are qualified in their
entirety, by reference to federal and state banking laws and regulations, the DGCL, and Cadence’s charter and bylaws, copies of which are filed with the
SEC as exhibits to the registration statement of which this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus is a part, and applicable law.

General

Cadence’s charter authorizes it to issue up to 300,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, $0.01 par value per share, 300,000,000 shares of Class B
non-voting common stock, $0.01 par value per share and 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $0.01 par value per share. As of the date of this joint
information statement/proxy statement and prospectus, Cadence has 83,625,000 shares of Class A common stock and no shares of Class B non-voting
common stock or preferred stock outstanding.

The following description summarizes the material terms of Cadence’s securities. Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all the information
that is important to you.

Capital Stock

Class A Common Stock and Class B Non-Voting Common Stock

All issued and outstanding shares of Cadence’s common stock are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. All authorized but
unissued shares of Cadence’s common stock are available for issuance by the Cadence board of directors without any further stockholder action.
Cadence’s charter provides that, except with respect to voting rights and conversion rights, the Class A common stock and Class B non-voting common
stock are treated equally and identically.

Voting Rights. Except as otherwise required by law or as otherwise provided in any certificate of designation for any series of preferred stock, the
holders of Class A common stock possess all voting power for the election of Cadence’s directors and all other matters requiring stockholder action,
except with respect to amendments to Cadence’s charter that alter or change the powers, preferences, rights or other terms of any outstanding preferred
stock if the holders of such affected series of preferred stock are entitled to vote on such an amendment. Holders of Class A common stock are entitled
to one vote per share on matters to be voted on by stockholders. Holders of Class B non-voting common stock have no voting power, and have no right
to participate in any meeting of stockholders or to have notice thereof, except as required by applicable law and except that any action that would
significantly and adversely affect the rights of the Class B non-voting common stock with respect to the modification of the terms of the securities or
dissolution will require the approval of the Class B non-voting common stock voting separately as a class.
 

142



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 151/178

Table of Contents

Except as otherwise provided by law, Cadence’s charter or bylaws or in respect of the election of directors, all matters to be voted on by Cadence’s
stockholders are required to be approved by a majority of the shares present in person or by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the subject
matter. In the case of an election of directors, where a quorum is present a plurality of the votes cast are sufficient to elect each director.

Conversion of Class B Non-Voting Common Stock. Each share of Class B non-voting common stock will be convertible into a share of Class A common
stock at the option of the holder; provided, however, that each share of Class B non-voting common stock will not be convertible in the hands of the
initial holder and will only be convertible at the time it is transferred to a third party unaffiliated with such initial holder, subject to the transfer
restrictions described in the next sentence, if and only to the extent such conversion would not, after giving effect to such conversion, cause the
transferee (together with such transferee’s related persons and any persons with which such transferee is acting in concert) to own, control or have the
power to vote shares of Class A common stock in excess of the ownership limit described below. Shares of Class B non-voting common stock may only
be transferred through one or more of the following alternatives: (1) to an affiliate of a holder or to the Company, (2) in a widely dispersed public
offering, (3) in a private sale in which no purchaser would acquire Class A common stock and/or Class B non-voting common stock in an amount that,
after the conversion of such Class B non-voting common stock into Class A common stock, is (or represents) 2% or more of a class of Cadence’s voting
securities or (4) to a purchaser acquiring majority control of Cadence notwithstanding such transfer.

Conversion of Class A Common Stock Upon LLC Distribution. Each share of Class A common stock owned by Cadence Bancorp, LLC will
automatically convert into a share of Class B non-voting common stock upon a distribution or other transfer to a member of Cadence Bancorp, LLC, or
upon the liquidation of Cadence Bancorp, LLC, to the extent that such distribution, transfer or liquidation would otherwise result in such member of
Cadence Bancorp, LLC, together with its affiliates, owning in excess of 9.9% of Cadence’s Class A common stock (or any class of Cadence’s voting
securities), excluding for purposes of this calculation any reduction in ownership resulting from transfers by such holder of Cadence’s voting securities.
In addition, Cadence Bancorp, LLC will have the right to cause shares of Class A common stock owned by it to convert into shares of Class B
non-voting common stock to the extent that a distribution or other transfer to a member of Cadence Bancorp, LLC, or a liquidation of Cadence Bancorp,
LLC, would otherwise result in shares of Class A common stock being received in respect of non-voting units of Cadence Bancorp, LLC.

Dividend Rights. Holders of Class A common stock and Class B non-voting common stock are equally entitled to ratably receive dividends if, as and
when declared from time to time by the Cadence board of directors at its own discretion out of funds legally available for that purpose, after payment of
dividends required to be paid on outstanding preferred stock, if any. Under Delaware law, Cadence can only pay dividends either out of “surplus” or out
of the current or the immediately preceding year’s net profits. Surplus is defined as the excess, if any, at any given time, of the total assets of a
corporation over its total liabilities and statutory capital. The value of a corporation’s net assets can be measured in a number of ways and may not
necessarily equal their book value.

Liquidation Rights. Upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the holders of Class A common stock and Class B non-voting common stock will be
equally entitled to receive ratably the assets available for distribution to the stockholders after payment of all liabilities and accrued but unpaid dividends
and liquidation preferences on any outstanding preferred stock.

Other. Neither the Class A common stock nor the Class B non-voting common stock have any preemptive or conversion rights pursuant to the terms of
Cadence’s charter and bylaws (other than the right of holders of shares of Class B non-voting common stock to convert such shares into shares of
Class A common stock and the right of Cadence Bancorp, LLC to convert shares of Class A common stock into shares of Class B non-voting common
stock as described in “—Conversion of Class B Non-Voting Common Stock” and “—Conversion of Class A Common Stock Upon LLC Distribution,”
respectively, above). There are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock. All outstanding shares of Cadence’s common
stock are fully paid and non-assessable.
 

143



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 152/178

Table of Contents

Preferred Stock

Pursuant to Cadence’s charter, shares of preferred stock are issuable from time to time, in one or more series, with the designations of the series, the
voting rights of the shares of the series (if any), the powers, preferences and relative, participation, optional or other special rights (if any), and any
qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof as the Cadence board of directors from time to time may adopt by resolution (and without further
stockholder approval), subject to certain limitations. Each series will consist of that number of shares as will be stated and expressed in the certificate of
designations providing for the issuance of the stock of the series.

Anti-Takeover Effects of Certain Provisions of Delaware Law, Cadence’s Charter and Bylaws

Certain provisions of Delaware law and certain provisions that are included in Cadence’s charter and bylaws summarized below may be deemed to have
an anti-takeover effect and may delay, deter or prevent a tender offer or takeover attempt that a stockholder might consider to be in its best interests,
including attempts that might result in a premium being paid over the market price for the shares held by stockholders.

Preferred Stock

Cadence’s charter contains provisions that permit the Cadence board of directors to issue, without any further vote or action by the stockholders, shares
of preferred stock in one or more series and, with respect to each such series, to fix the number of shares constituting the series and the designation of
the series, the voting rights (if any) of the shares of the series, and the powers, preferences and relative, participation, optional and other special rights, if
any, and any qualifications, limitations or restrictions, of the shares of such series.

Classified Board

The Cadence charter provides that the Cadence board of directors is divided into three classes, designated Class I, Class II and Class III and that each
class will be an equal number of directors, as nearly as possible, consisting of one-third of the total number of directors constituting the entire board of
directors. The term of Class I directors will terminate on the date of the 2021 annual meeting of Cadence stockholders, the term of the Class II directors
will terminate on the date of the 2019 annual meeting of Cadence stockholders, and the term of the initial Class III directors will terminate on the date of
the 2020 annual meeting of stockholders. At each succeeding annual meeting of Cadence stockholders, successors to the class of directors whose term
expires at such annual meeting will be elected for a three year term.

Removal of Directors

Cadence’s charter provides that stockholders may only remove a director for cause by a vote of no less than a majority of the shares present in person or
by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote.

Director Vacancies

Vacancies on the Cadence board of directors may be filled by a majority of the remaining directors until the next annual meeting of stockholders, or at a
special meeting of stockholders called for that purpose.

No Cumulative Voting

Cadence’s charter provides that stockholders do not have the right to cumulative votes in the election of directors.

Special Meetings of Stockholders

Cadence’s charter and bylaws provide that, except as otherwise required by law, special meetings of the stockholders may be called only by any officer
at the request of a majority of the Cadence board of directors, by the chairman of the board of directors or by Cadence’s Chief Executive Officer.
 

144



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 153/178

Table of Contents

Advance Notice Procedures for Director Nominations

Cadence’s bylaws provide that stockholders seeking to nominate candidates for election as directors at an annual or special meeting of stockholders
must provide timely notice thereof in writing. To be timely, a stockholder’s notice generally must be delivered to and received at Cadence’s principal
executive offices before notice of the meeting is issued by Cadence’s secretary, with such notice being served not less than 90 nor more than 120 days
before the meeting. Although Cadence’s bylaws do not give the Cadence board of directors the power to approve or disapprove stockholder nominations
of candidates to be elected at an annual meeting, Cadence’s bylaws may have the effect of precluding the conduct of certain business at a meeting if the
proper procedures are not followed or may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect its own slate of
directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of Cadence.

Action by Written Consent

Cadence’s charter and bylaws provide that any action to be taken by the stockholders must be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting of
stockholders and may not be effected by written consent if less than a majority of Cadence’s outstanding Class A common stock is owned by Cadence
Bancorp, LLC. As long as Cadence Bancorp, LLC owns a majority of Class A common stock, action may be taken by written consent if applicable
voting requirements are otherwise satisfied.

Amending Cadence’s Charter and Bylaws

Cadence’s charter may be amended or altered in any manner provided by the DGCL. Cadence’s bylaws may be adopted, amended, altered or repealed
by stockholders only upon approval of at least two-thirds of the voting power of all the then outstanding shares of the Class A common stock.
Additionally, Cadence’s charter provides that Cadence’s bylaws may be amended, altered or repealed by the Cadence board of directors by a majority
vote.

Authorized but Unissued Shares

Cadence’s authorized but unissued shares of Class A common stock, Class B non-voting common stock and preferred stock are available for future
issuances without stockholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital,
acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved common stock and preferred stock could render more
difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of Cadence by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise.

Exclusive Jurisdiction

Cadence’s charter provides that the Delaware Court of Chancery shall be the exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on
Cadence’s behalf, any action asserting a claim of breach of fiduciary duty and any action asserting a claim pursuant to the DGCL, Cadence’s charter,
bylaws or under the internal affairs doctrine.

Business Combinations with Interested Stockholders

Cadence does not elect in its charter not to be subject to Section 203 of the DGCL. Subject to certain exceptions, Section 203 of the DGCL prohibits a
public Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination (as defined in such section) with an “interested stockholder” (defined generally as
any person who beneficially owns 15% or more of the outstanding voting stock of such corporation or any person affiliated with such person) for a
period of three years following the time that such stockholder became an interested stockholder, unless (i) prior to such time the board of directors of
such corporation approved either the business combination or the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder;
(ii) upon consummation of the
 

145



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 154/178

Table of Contents

transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85% of the voting stock of such
corporation at the time the transaction commenced (excluding for purposes of determining the voting stock of such corporation outstanding (but not the
outstanding voting stock owned by the interested stockholder) those shares owned (A) by persons who are directors and also officers of such corporation
and (B) by employee stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the
plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer); or (iii) on or subsequent to such time the business combination is approved by the board of directors
of such corporation and authorized at a meeting of stockholders (and not by written consent) by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3% of the
outstanding voting stock of such corporation not owned by the interested stockholder.

For more information regarding the rights of holders of Cadence Class A common stock, see “Comparison of Stockholders’ and Shareholders’ Rights.”
 

146



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 155/178

Table of Contents

COMPARISON OF STOCKHOLDERS’ AND SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS

If the merger is completed, State Bank shareholders will receive shares of Cadence Class A common stock in the merger. Cadence is organized under the
laws of the State of Delaware and State Bank is organized under the laws of the State of Georgia. The following is a summary of the material differences
between (1) the current rights of State Bank shareholders under the State Bank charter and bylaws and (2) the current rights of Cadence stockholders
under the Cadence charter and bylaws.

Cadence and State Bank believe that this summary describes the material differences between the rights of Cadence stockholders as of the date of this
joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus and the rights of State Bank shareholders as of the date of this joint information
statement/proxy statement and prospectus; however, it does not purport to be a complete description of those differences. Copies of Cadence’s and State
Bank’s governing documents have been filed with the SEC. To find out where copies of these documents can be obtained, please see “Where You Can
Find More Information.”
 

STATE BANK  CADENCE
AUTHORIZED CAPITAL STOCK

State Bank is authorized to issue up to 100 million shares of common
stock, par value $0.01 per share, and 2 million shares of preferred stock,
par value $0.01 per share. As of the State Bank record date, there were
39,124,102 shares of State Bank common stock outstanding and no shares
of State Bank preferred stock outstanding.

 

Cadence is authorized to issue up to 300 million shares of Class A
common stock, par value $0.01 per share, 300 million shares of Class B
non-voting common stock, par value $0.01 per share, and 50 million
shares of preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share. As of the date
hereof, there were 83,625,000 shares of Cadence Class A common stock
outstanding, no shares of Cadence Class B common stock outstanding
and no shares of Cadence preferred stock outstanding.

VOTING LIMITATIONS

Each share of State Bank common stock is entitled to one vote on each
matter voted on at a meeting of State Bank’s shareholders.  

Each share of Cadence Class A common stock is entitled to one vote on
each matter voted on at a meeting of Cadence’s stockholders.

RIGHTS OF PREFERRED STOCK

State Bank’s amended and restated articles of incorporation provide that
the State Bank board of directors may establish and designate from time to
time series’ of preferred stock with such preferences, limitations, and
relative rights as may be determined by the board of directors. As of the
State Bank record date, there were no shares of preferred stock
outstanding.

 

Cadence’s charter provides that the Cadence board of directors may
issue, without any further vote or action by the stockholders, shares of
preferred stock in one or more series and, with respect to each such
series, fix the number of shares constituting the series and the
designation of the series, the voting rights (if any) of the shares of the
series, and the powers, preferences and relative, participation, optional
and other special rights, if any, and any qualifications, limitations or
restrictions, of the shares of such series. As of the date hereof, there were
no shares of preferred stock outstanding.

 
147



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 156/178

Table of Contents

STATE BANK  CADENCE
SIZE OF BOARD OF DIRECTORS

State Bank’s amended and restated bylaws currently provide that the State
Bank board of directors shall consist of between five and 25 directors. The
State Bank board of directors may increase or decrease the number of
directors by not more than two in any one year, as long as such increase or
decrease does not place the number of directors at less than five, or more
than 25. The State Bank board of directors currently has 12 directors.  

Cadence’s bylaws provide that its board of directors shall be fixed from
time to time exclusively pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority
of the total number of directors which Cadence would have if there were
no vacancies, so long as no decrease in the number of authorized
directors may shorten the term of any incumbent director. Cadence’s
board of directors currently has six directors.

CLASSES OF DIRECTORS

The State Bank board of directors consists of one class. All directors serve
a one-year term, expiring at the next annual meeting of shareholders or
until their respective successors are duly elected and qualified.

 

The Cadence board of directors is divided into three classes, designated
Class I, Class II and Class III and that each class will be an equal number
of directors, as nearly as possible, consisting of one-third of the total
number of directors constituting the entire board of directors.

REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS

State Bank directors may be removed, with or without cause, by the
affirmative vote of shareholders entitled to cast at least a majority of the
votes which all shareholders would be entitled to cast at an annual election
of directors. In addition, the State Bank board of directors may remove a
director from office if such director is adjudicated incompetent by a court;
is convicted of a felony; does not, within 60 days after being elected,
accept the office in writing or by attendance at a meeting of the board of
directors and fulfill other requirements for holding the office of director;
fails to attend regular meetings of the board of directors for six
consecutive meetings without having been excused by the board of
directors; or was an employee or duly elected officer of State Bank and
was discharged, or resigned at the request of the board of directors for
reasons relating to performance of duties as an employee or officer of
State Bank.  

Cadence’s directors may be removed with cause by a vote of no less than
a majority of the shares present in person or by proxy at the meeting and
entitled to vote.

FILLING VACANCIES ON THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Except in the event that a director is serving at the election of a particular
voting group, newly created directorships resulting from an increase in the
number of directors and vacancies occurring in any office or directorship
for any reason may be filled by the vote of a majority of the directors then
in office, even if less than a quorum exists. The term of any director
elected  

Newly created directorships resulting from an increase in the number of
directors and vacancies occurring in any office or directorship for any
reason may be may be filled by a majority of the remaining directors
until the next annual meeting of stockholders, or at a special meeting of
stockholders called for that purpose.

 
148



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 157/178

Table of Contents

STATE BANK  CADENCE
to fill a vacancy expires at the next meeting of shareholders at which
directors are elected.  

SPECIAL MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS

State Bank’s amended and restated bylaws provide that special meetings
of shareholders of one or more classes or series of State Bank’s shares
may be called at any time by the board of directors, the chairman, the vice
chairman, or the chief executive officer, and must be called upon the
written request (in compliance with applicable requirements of the GBCC)
of the holders of shares representing 25% or more of the votes entitled to
be cast on each issue proposed to be considered at the special meeting.
The business that may be transacted at any special meeting of shareholders
is limited to that proposed in the notice of the special meeting.  

Cadence’s charter and bylaws provide that, except as otherwise required
by law, special meetings of Cadence stockholders may be called only by
any officer at the request of a majority of its board of directors, by the
chairman of the board of directors or by its Chief Executive Officer.

QUORUM

Under State Bank’s amended and restated bylaws, at any meeting of State
Bank’s shareholders, the holders of a majority of all the shares of stock
entitled to vote at the meeting, present in person or by proxy, constitute a
quorum, unless or to the extent that the presence of a larger number may
be required by law. Where a separate vote by a class or classes is required,
a majority of those represented in person or by proxy constitute a quorum
entitled to take action with respect to the vote on that matter.

 

Under Cadence’s bylaws, except as otherwise provided by law or by
Cadence’s charter, the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares
entitled to vote generally in the election of directors constitute a quorum
at a meeting of Cadence’s stockholders, except that when specified
business is to be voted on by a class or series of stock voting as a class,
the holders of a majority of the shares of such class or series shall
constitute a quorum of such class or series for the transaction of such
business.

NOTICE OF STOCKHOLDER MEETINGS

State Bank’s amended and restated bylaws provide that written notice of
the place, date, and time of all meetings of State Bank’s shareholders must
be given, not less than 10 and not more than 60 days before the date on
which the meeting is to be held, to each shareholder of record entitled to
vote at such meeting. If a meeting of State Bank’s shareholders is
adjourned to a different date, time, or location, State Bank must give
shareholders notice of the new date, time, or location of the adjourned
meeting unless a quorum was present at the meeting and the information
regarding the adjournment was announced before the meeting was
adjourned; provided, however, that if a new record date is fixed for the
adjourned meeting, State Bank must give notice of the meeting to all
shareholders of record as of the new record date entitled to vote at the
adjourned meeting.  

Cadence’s bylaws provide that written or printed notice, stating the
place, if any, date and hour of the meeting, the record date for
determining the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting (if such date
is different from the record date for stockholders entitled to notice of the
meeting), the means of remote communications, if any, by which
stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person
and vote at such meeting, and in the case of a special meeting, the
purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called, shall be given by
Cadence not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days before the date of
the meeting, either personally, by electronic transmission in the manner
provided in Section 232 of the DGCL or by mail, to each stockholder of
record entitled to vote at such meeting. Any previously scheduled
meeting may be postponed, and (unless

 
149



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 158/178

Table of Contents

STATE BANK  CADENCE

 

otherwise provided in Cadence’s charter) any special meeting may be
cancelled, by resolution of Cadence’s board of directors upon public
notice given prior to the date previously scheduled for such meeting.

ADVANCE NOTICE OF STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS

State Bank’s amended and restated bylaws establish an advance notice
procedure with regard to nominations and other business proposals to be
brought before State Bank’s annual meeting but not included in State
Bank’s proxy statement or form of proxy for that meeting. To be properly
brought before an annual meeting by a shareholder, the business must
relate to a proper subject matter for shareholder action and the shareholder
must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary of State
Bank. To be timely, a shareholder’s notice must be delivered or mailed to
and received at the principal offices of State Bank not less than 30 nor
more than 60 days prior to the date of the meeting to which it relates;
provided, however, that if less than 31 days’ notice of the meeting is given
to State Bank shareholders, such written notice must be delivered or
mailed not later than the tenth day following the day on which notice of
the meeting was mailed to shareholders. The notice must contain specified
information, as set forth in State Bank’s amended and restated bylaws.  

Cadence’s bylaws establish an advance notice procedure with regard to
nominations and other business proposals to be brought before
Cadence’s annual meeting. Cadence’s bylaws provide that stockholders
seeking to nominate candidates for election as directors at an annual or
special meeting of stockholders must provide timely notice thereof in
writing. To be timely, a stockholder’s notice generally must be delivered
to and received at Cadence’s principal executive offices before notice of
the meeting is issued by Cadence’s secretary, with such notice being
served not less than 90 nor more than 120 days before the meeting.

ANTI-TAKEOVER PROVISIONS AND OTHER STOCKHOLDER PROTECTIONS

State Bank’s amended and restated articles of incorporation permit the
State Bank board of directors, in connection with evaluating certain
business combination transactions, to consider, among other relevant
factors, the short-term and long-term social and economic effects on the
employees, customers, shareholders and other constituents of State Bank
and its subsidiaries, and on the communities within which State Bank and
its subsidiaries operate, and the consideration being offered by the other
party in relation to the then-current value of State Bank in a freely
negotiated transaction and in relation to the State Bank board of directors’
then-estimate of the future value of State Bank as an independent entity.

 

Cadence’s charter contains provisions that may serve as takeover
protections, including a provision providing for a classified board of
directors. Cadence’s charter provides that the Cadence board of directors
is divided into three classes, designated Class I, Class II and Class III
and that each class will be an equal number of directors, as nearly as
possible, consisting of one-third of the total number of directors
constituting the entire board of directors. The term of Class I directors
will terminate on the date of the 2021 annual meeting of Cadence
stockholders, the term of the Class II directors will terminate on the date
of the 2019 annual meeting of Cadence stockholders, and the term of the
initial Class III directors will terminate on the date of the 2020 annual
meeting of stockholders. At each succeeding annual meeting of Cadence
stockholders, successors to the class of directors whose term expires at
such annual meeting will be elected for a three year term.

 
150



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 159/178

Table of Contents

STATE BANK  CADENCE
The GBCC precludes an interested shareholder (one owning 10% or more
of a corporation’s outstanding voting stock) from entering into certain
business combinations (which are broadly defined) with the corporation
for a period of five years from the date of becoming an interested
shareholder unless (i) prior to the acquisition in which he or she became
an interested shareholder, approval of the board of directors of the
acquisition or business combination was obtained; (ii) the interested
shareholder acquired 90% of the outstanding voting stock as a result of the
transaction in which he or she became an interested shareholder; or
(iii) the interested shareholder, after the acquisition in which he or she
became an interested shareholder, acquired 90% of the outstanding voting
stock and the business combination was approved by a majority of the
voting shares not held by the interested shareholder. The protection of the
statute is available only if the corporation “opts in” by adopting a bylaw
provision specifically providing that the statute shall apply. State Bank has
not opted into this provision of the GBCC.

 

Subject to certain exceptions, Section 203 of the DGCL prohibits a
public Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination
(as defined in such section) with an “interested stockholder” (defined
generally as any person who beneficially owns 15% or more of the
outstanding voting stock of such corporation or any person affiliated
with such person) for a period of three years following the time that such
stockholder became an interested stockholder, unless (i) prior to such
time the board of directors of such corporation approved either the
business combination or the transaction that resulted in the stockholder
becoming an interested stockholder; (ii) upon consummation of the
transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested
stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85% of the voting
stock of such corporation at the time the transaction commenced
(excluding for purposes of determining the voting stock of such
corporation outstanding (but not the outstanding voting stock owned by
the interested stockholder) those shares owned (A) by persons who are
directors and also officers of such corporation and (B) by employee
stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right to
determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be
tendered in a tender or exchange offer); or (iii) on or subsequent to such
time the business combination is approved by the board of directors of
such corporation and authorized at a meeting of stockholders (and not by
written consent) by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3% of the
outstanding voting stock of such corporation not owned by the interested
stockholder.
 
A Delaware corporation may elect not to be governed by Section 203.
Cadence has not made an election to be exempt from the requirements of
Section 203 of the DGCL.

LIMITATION OF PERSONAL LIABILITY OF OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS

State Bank’s amended and restated articles of incorporation provide that a
director of State Bank will not be personally liable to State Bank or its
shareholders for monetary damages for breach of the duty of care or any
other duty as a director, except for liability for (i) any appropriation in
violation of the director’s duties of any business opportunity of State
Bank, (ii) intentional misconduct or knowing violations of law,
(iii) violations of Section 14-2-832 of the GBCC (involving unlawful
distributions), and  

Cadence’s charter provides that no director will be personally liable to
Cadence or any of its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of
fiduciary duty as a director, except to the extent such exemption from
liability or limitation thereof is not permitted under the DGCL as it exists
or may thereafter be amended.

 
151



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 160/178

Table of Contents

STATE BANK  CADENCE
(iv) any transaction from which the director received an improper personal
benefit.  

INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS AND INSURANCE

State Bank’s amended and restated articles of incorporation provide that
State Bank must indemnify, to the fullest extent provided by law, any and
all persons whom it shall have power to indemnify under the GBCC from
and against any and all expenses, liabilities or other matters referred to in
the GBCC.
 
Under State Bank’s amended and restated bylaws, each director, including
such party (and in such capacity) if he or she is also an officer, absent
certain circumstances, shall be indemnified by State Bank for certain
expenses incurred in connection with any threatened, pending or
completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal,
administrative or investigative. Under State Bank’s amended and restated
bylaws, the board of directors also has the power to cause State Bank to
provide to officers, employees or agents of State Bank, including any
officer, employee or agent of State Bank who, at State Bank’s request, is
or was serving as a director, officer, partner, trustee, employee or agent of
another corporation or entity, all or any part of the right to indemnification
permitted for such persons under the GBCC. Expenses for which such
parties may be indemnified include any judgment, settlement, penalty, fine
or reasonable expenses (including attorneys’ fees and disbursements, court
costs and expert witness fees).
 
State Bank’s amended and restated bylaws provide that State Bank may
purchase and maintain insurance to protect itself and any director, officer,
employee, or agent of State Bank or another corporation, partnership,
trust, employee benefit plan, or other enterprise against any expense,
liability or loss, whether or not State Bank would have the power to
indemnify such person against such liability under the provisions of State
Bank’s amended and restated bylaws.

 

Section 145 of the DGCL permits, under certain circumstances, the
indemnification of any person who was or is a party, or is threatened to
be made a party, to any threatened, pending, or completed action, suit, or
proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, or investigative
(other than an action by or in the right of the corporation) by reason of
the fact that he is or was a director, officer, employee, or agent of the
corporation, or is or was serving in a similar capacity for another
enterprise at the request of the corporation if such person acted in good
faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in, or not
opposed to, the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any
criminal proceedings, had no reasonable cause to believe that his or her
conduct was unlawful. To the extent that a present or former director or
officer of the corporation has been successful in defending any such
proceeding, the DGCL provides that he or she shall be indemnified
against expenses (including attorneys’ fees), actually and reasonably
incurred by him in connection therewith. With respect to a proceeding by
or in the right of the corporation, such person may be indemnified
against expenses (including attorneys’ fees), actually and reasonably
incurred, if he or she acted in good faith and in a manner he or she
reasonably believed to be in, or not opposed to, the best interests of the
corporation. The DGCL provides, however, that indemnification shall
not be permitted in such a proceeding if such person is adjudged liable to
the corporation unless, and only to the extent that, the Delaware Court of
Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought
determines upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability, in
view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and
reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which such court
deems proper. The DGCL permits a corporation to advance expenses
incurred by a proposed indemnitee in advance of final disposition of the
proceeding, provided that the indemnitee undertakes to repay such
advanced expenses if it is ultimately determined that he is not entitled to
indemnification. Also, a corporation may purchase insurance on behalf
of an indemnitee against any liability asserted against him in his
designated capacity, whether or not the corporation itself would be
empowered to indemnify him against such liability.

 
152



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 161/178

Table of Contents

STATE BANK  CADENCE

 

 
Cadence’s charter provides that it must indemnify its directors and
officers to the fullest extent authorized by law. Cadence is also expressly
required to advance certain expenses to its directors and officers and
carry directors’ and officers’ insurance providing indemnification for its
directors and officers for some liabilities.

AMENDMENTS TO CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION AND BYLAWS

Under the GBCC, State Bank’s amended and restated articles of
incorporation may be amended upon the approval of a majority of the
votes entitled to be cast on the amendment by each voting group entitled
to vote on the amendment, unless the GBCC, State Bank’s articles of
incorporation, or the board of directors acting pursuant to its authority to
condition the effectiveness of a proposed amendment require a greater
vote or a vote by voting groups. State Bank’s amended and restated
articles of incorporation require the approval of either two-thirds of the
directors then in office or the affirmative vote of the holders of at least
two-thirds of the outstanding shares of STBZ to amend the article setting
forth the factors the board of directors may consider in evaluating business
transactions.  

Under the DGCL, Cadence’s charter generally may be amended upon the
adoption of a resolution by its board of directors and approval by the
holders of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote.
 
Cadence’s bylaws may be adopted, amended, altered or repealed by
stockholders only upon approval of at least two-thirds of the voting
power of outstanding shares of Class A common stock. Additionally,
Cadence’s charter provides that its bylaws may be amended, altered or
repealed by its board of directors by a majority vote.

State Bank’s amended and restated bylaws provide that the board of
directors has the power to alter, amend, or repeal the bylaws or to adopt
new bylaws, and any bylaws adopted by the board of directors may be
altered, amended, or repealed, and new bylaws adopted, by the
shareholders. State Bank’s shareholders may prescribe in adopting any
bylaw or bylaws that the bylaw or bylaws so adopted shall not be altered,
amended, or repealed by the board of directors.  

ACTION BY WRITTEN CONSENT OF THE STOCKHOLDERS

State Bank’s amended and restated bylaws provide that shareholder action
by written consent in lieu of a meeting is permitted only if such consent is
unanimous.

 

Cadence’s charter and bylaws provide that stockholder action by written
consent in lieu of a meeting is permitted only if at least a majority of
outstanding Class A common stock is owned by Cadence Bancorp, LLC.
As of the date hereof, Cadence Bancorp, LLC does not own a majority
of outstanding Class A common stock, and consequently stockholder
action by written consent in lieu of a meeting is not permitted.

 
153



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 162/178

Table of Contents

STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS PLAN

Neither Cadence nor State Bank currently has a stockholder rights plan in effect.
 

154



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 163/178

Table of Contents

COMPARATIVE MARKET PRICES AND DIVIDENDS

The Cadence Class A common stock is listed on the NYSE under the symbol “CADE”, and the State Bank common stock is listed on NASDAQ under
the symbol “STBZ.” The following table sets forth for the periods indicated the high and low reported intraday sales prices per share of Cadence Class A
common stock and State Bank common stock on the NYSE and NASDAQ, respectively, and the cash dividends declared per share.
 
   Cadence Class A Common Stock    State Bank Common Stock  
   High    Low    Dividend (1)   High    Low    Dividend 
Quarter Ended:             
September 30, 2018 (through July 24, 2018)   $29.97   $28.33   $ 0.00   $34.46   $32.68   $ 0.00 
June 30, 2018    31.44    26.41    0.125    35.99    29.04    0.20 
March 31, 2018    29.30    25.09    0.125    31.65    28.22    0.20 
December 31, 2017    27.12    21.71    0.00    31.75    27.56    0.14 
September 30, 2017    23.03    19.91    0.00    28.85    25.41    0.14 
June 30, 2017 (from April 13, 2017 for Cadence)    23.71    20.50    0.00    28.38    24.65    0.14 
March 31, 2017    —      —      —      28.25    24.16    0.14 
December 31, 2016    —      —      —      27.50    21.15    0.14 
September 30, 2016    —      —      —      23.30    19.77    0.14 
June 30, 2016    —      —      —      21.99    18.65    0.14 
 

On May 11, 2018, the last trading day before the public announcement of the merger agreement, the closing sale price of shares of Cadence Class A
common stock as reported on the NYSE was $30.23. On July 24, 2018, the last practicable trading day before the date of this joint information
statement/proxy statement and prospectus, the closing sale price of shares of Cadence Class A common stock as reported on the NYSE was $28.42.

On May 11, 2018, the last trading day before the public announcement of the merger agreement, the closing sale price of shares of State Bank common
stock as reported on the NASDAQ was $33.08. On July 24, 2018, the last practicable trading day before the date of this joint information
statement/proxy statement and prospectus, the closing sale price of shares of State Bank common stock as reported on the NASDAQ was $32.88.

As of July 24, 2018, the last date prior to printing this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus for which it was practicable to obtain
this information for Cadence and State Bank, respectively, there were approximately 2 registered holders of Cadence Class A common stock and
approximately 486 registered holders of State Bank common stock.

The following table shows the closing sale prices of Cadence Class A common stock and State Bank common stock as reported on the NYSE and
NASDAQ, respectively, on May 11, 2018, the last trading day before the public announcement of the merger agreement, and on July 24, 2018, the last
practicable trading day before the date of this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus. The table also shows the implied value of the
merger consideration payable for each share of State Bank common stock, which we calculated by multiplying the closing price of State Bank common
stock on those dates by the exchange ratio of 1.160.
 

   

Cadence
Class A

Common
Stock    

State
Bank

Common
Stock    

Implied Value
of One Share
of State Bank

Common
Stock  

May 11, 2018   $ 30.23   $ 33.08   $ 35.07 
July 24, 2018   $ 28.42   $ 32.88   $ 32.97 

Cadence stockholders and State Bank shareholders are advised to obtain current market quotations for Cadence Class A common stock and State Bank
common stock. The market price of Cadence Class A common stock and State Bank common stock will fluctuate between the date of this joint
information statement/proxy statement and
 

155



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 164/178

Table of Contents

prospectus and the date of completion of the merger. No assurance can be given concerning the market price of State Bank common stock before the
effective time or Cadence Class A common stock before or after the effective time. Changes in the market price of Cadence Class A common stock prior
to the completion of the merger will affect the market value of the merger consideration that State Bank shareholders receive upon completion of the
merger.

LEGAL MATTERS

The validity of the Cadence Class A common stock to be issued in connection with the merger will be passed upon for Cadence by Wachtell, Lipton,
Rosen & Katz. Certain U.S. federal income tax consequences relating to the merger will also be passed upon for Cadence by Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen &
Katz, New York, New York and for State Bank by Nelson Mullins Riley & Scarborough LLP, Atlanta, Georgia.

EXPERTS

Cadence

The consolidated financial statements of Cadence at December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, and for each of the years then ended, incorporated by
reference in this prospectus and Registration Statement have been audited by Ernst & Young LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, and
for the year ended December 31, 2015, by KPMG LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, as set forth in their respective reports thereon
appearing in Cadence’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 and incorporated in this prospectus by reference, and are
incorporated by reference in reliance upon such reports given on the authority of such firms as experts in accounting and auditing.

State Bank

The consolidated financial statements of State Bank as of December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016 and for each of the three years then ended, and
the effectiveness of State Bank’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017, have been audited by Dixon Hughes Goodman LLP,
independent registered public accounting firm, as set forth in their report appearing in the State Bank Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2017, as amended, and incorporated in this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus by reference. Such consolidated
financial statements are incorporated herein by reference in reliance upon such report given on the authority of such firm as experts in accounting and
auditing.
 

156



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 165/178

Table of Contents

DEADLINES FOR SUBMITTING STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS

Cadence

Cadence stockholders who, in accordance with the SEC’s Rule 14a-8, wish to present proposals for inclusion in the proxy materials to be distributed by
Cadence in connection with its 2019 Annual Meeting of Stockholders must submit their proposals by certified mail, return receipt requested, and must
be received by the Secretary at its principal offices in Houston, Texas on or before November 30, 2018, to be eligible for inclusion in its proxy statement
and proxy card relating to that meeting. In the event that Cadence holds its 2019 Annual Meeting of Stockholders more than 30 days before or after
May 16, 2019, which is the one-year anniversary date of its 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, Cadence will disclose the new deadline by which
stockholders’ proposals must be received in its earliest possible Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or, if impracticable, by any means reasonably calculated
to inform Cadence stockholders. As the rules of the SEC make clear, simply submitting a proposal does not guarantee its inclusion.

In accordance with the Cadence’s bylaws, proposals of Cadence stockholders intended to be presented at the 2019 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
(other than director nominations) must be received by the Secretary no later than February 15, 2019 nor earlier than January 16, 2019, provided that if
Cadence’s 2019 Annual Meeting of Stockholders is held more than 30 days before, or 60 days after, May 16, 2019, such notice must be given by the
later of the close of business on the date 120 days prior to the meeting and not later than the close of business on the date 90 days prior to the meeting,
or, if the first public announcement of the date of the meeting is less than 100 days prior to the date of the meeting, the tenth day following the date the
meeting date is first publicly announced or disclosed.

Furthermore, in order for any Cadence stockholder to properly propose any business for consideration at Cadence’s 2019 Annual Meeting of
Stockholders, including the nomination of any person for election as a director, or any other matter raised other than pursuant to Rule 14a-8 of the proxy
rules adopted under the Exchange Act, written notice of the Cadence stockholder’s intention to make such proposal must be furnished to Cadence in
accordance with, and including such information required by, Cadence’s bylaws. A copy of Cadence’s bylaws is available on its website at
www.cadencebancorporation.com.

A Cadence stockholder wishing to nominate a candidate for election to the Cadence board of directors at an annual meeting is required to give written
notice to the Secretary of his or her intention to make a nomination in accordance with the requirements contained in Cadence’s bylaws. Pursuant to
Cadence’s bylaws, notice of director nominations to be presented at Cadence’s 2019 Annual Meeting of Stockholders must be received by the Secretary
no later than February 15, 2019 nor earlier than January 16, 2019, provided that if Cadence’s 2019 Annual Meeting of Stockholders is held more than 30
days before, or 60 days after, May 16, 2019, such notice must be given by the later of the close of business on the date 120 days prior to the meeting and
not later than the close of business on the date 90 days prior to the meeting, or, if the first public announcement of the date of the meeting is less than
100 days prior to the date of the meeting, the tenth day following the date the meeting date is first publicly announced or disclosed. If the number of
directors to be elected to the Cadence board of directors is increased and there is no public announcement by Cadence naming all of the nominees for
director or specifying the increased size of the Cadence board of directors at least 100 days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year’s annual
meeting, notice of any stockholder nominees to serve as directors for any newly created positions resulting from the increased size may be delivered to
the Secretary no later than the close of business on the tenth day following day on which such public announcement is first made by Cadence. A copy of
Cadence’s bylaws is available on its website at www.cadencebancorporation.com.

State Bank

Only such business shall be conducted at the State Bank special meeting as shall have been brought before the meeting pursuant to State Bank’s notice
of meeting. State Bank shareholders may not bring business before the State Bank special meeting.
 

157



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 166/178

Table of Contents

State Bank does not anticipate holding a 2019 annual meeting of shareholders if the merger is completed before the second quarter of 2019. In the event
that the merger is not completed within the expected timeframe, or at all, State Bank may hold a 2019 annual meeting. Any shareholder nominations or
proposals for other business intended to be presented at State Bank’s next annual meeting must be submitted to State Bank as set forth below.

Under SEC rules, if a State Bank shareholder wants State Bank to include a proposal in its proxy statement for presentation at the 2019 annual meeting,
the proposal must be received by State Bank before December 13, 2018.

Any shareholder proposal intended to be presented from the floor at State Bank’s 2019 annual meeting must comply with the advance notice provisions
and other requirements of State Bank’s amended and restated bylaws and be delivered not more than 60 days and not less than 30 days before the 2019
annual meeting; provided, however, that if less than 31 days’ notice of the meeting is given, such notice of a shareholder proposal must be delivered or
mailed not later than the tenth day following the day on which notice of the meeting was mailed.
 

158



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 167/178

Table of Contents

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

Cadence has filed with the SEC a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, that registers the issuance of the shares of
Cadence Class A common stock to be issued in connection with the merger. This joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus is a part of
that registration statement and constitutes the prospectus of Cadence, in addition to being an information statement for Cadence stockholders and a
proxy statement for State Bank shareholders. The registration statement, including this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus and
the attached exhibits and schedules, contains additional relevant information about Cadence and the Cadence Class A common stock.

Cadence and State Bank also file reports, proxy statements, and other information with the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. You may
read and copy this information at the Public Reference Room of the SEC at 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, D.C. 20549. You may obtain
information on the operation of the SEC’s Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. You may also obtain copies of this
information by mail from the Public Reference Section of the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549, at prescribed rates, or from commercial
document retrieval services.

The SEC also maintains an Internet website that contains reports, proxy statements, and other information about issuers, such as Cadence and State
Bank, who file electronically with the SEC. The address of the site is http://www.sec.gov. The reports and other information filed by Cadence with the
SEC are also available at Cadence’s website at www.cadencebancorporation.com. The reports and other information filed by State Bank with the SEC
are available at State Bank’s website at www.statebt.com. The web addresses of the SEC, Cadence and State Bank are included as inactive textual
references only. Except as specifically incorporated by reference into this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus, information on
those web sites is not part of this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus.

The SEC allows Cadence and State Bank to incorporate by reference information in this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus.
This means that Cadence and State Bank can disclose important information to you by referring you to another document filed separately with the SEC.
The information incorporated by reference is considered to be a part of this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus, except for any
information that is superseded by information that is included directly in this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus.

This joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus incorporates by reference the documents listed below that Cadence and State Bank
previously filed with the SEC (other than, in each case, documents or information deemed to have been furnished and not filed according to SEC rules).
They contain important information about the companies and their financial condition.
 
Cadence SEC Filings   Period or Date Filed
Annual Report on Form 10-K   Year ended December 31, 2017

Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q   Quarter ended March 31, 2018

Current Reports on Form 8-K

  

Filed on February 8, 2018, February 13, 2018, May 14, 2018, May 18,
2018, May 21, 2018, May 22, 2018 (Form 8-K/A), May 25, 2018 and
May 29, 2018 (other than the portions of those documents not deemed
to be filed)

Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A   Filed March 30, 2018
 

159



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 168/178

Table of Contents

State Bank SEC Filings   Period or Date Filed
Annual Report on Form 10-K, as amended

  

Year ended December 31, 2017, filed on February 23, 2018, as
amended by the Amendment to such Annual Report filed on March 2,
2018

Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q   Quarter ended March 31, 2018

Current Reports on Form 8-K
  

Filed on February 9, 2018, May 14, 2018 and May 25, 2018 (other than
the portions of those documents not deemed to be filed)

Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A   Filed April 12, 2018

Cadence also incorporates by reference the description of Cadence Class A common stock contained in Cadence’s registration statement on Form S-1
initially filed on March 17, 2017 with the SEC pursuant to which the shares of Cadence Class A common stock was initially registered under Section 12
of the Exchange Act, including any amendment or report filed for the purpose of updating such description.

In addition, Cadence and State Bank also incorporate by reference additional documents filed with the SEC under Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 and 15(d) of
the Exchange Act between the date of this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus and, in the in the case of State Bank, the date of
the State Bank special meeting, provided that Cadence and State Bank are not incorporating by reference any information furnished to, but not filed
with, the SEC.

Except where the context otherwise indicates, Cadence has supplied all information contained or incorporated by reference in this joint information
statement/proxy statement and prospectus relating to Cadence, and State Bank has supplied all information contained or incorporated by reference
relating to State Bank.

Documents incorporated by reference are available from Cadence and State Bank without charge, excluding any exhibits to those documents unless the
exhibit is specifically incorporated by reference as an exhibit in this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus. You can obtain
documents incorporated by reference in this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus by requesting them in writing or by telephone
from the appropriate company at the following address and phone number:
 

Cadence Bancorporation
2800 Post Oak Boulevard, Suite 3800

Houston, Texas 77056
Attention: Investor Relations
Telephone: (713) 871-4000   

State Bank Financial Corporation
3399 Peachtree Road NE, Suite 1900

Atlanta, Georgia 30326
Attention: Investor Relations
Telephone: (404) 475-6599

State Bank shareholders requesting documents must do so by September 11, 2018 to receive them before the State Bank special meeting. Cadence
stockholders and State Bank shareholders will not be charged for any of these documents that you request. If you request any incorporated documents
from Cadence or State Bank, Cadence and State Bank, respectively, will mail them to you by first class mail, or another equally prompt means, within
one business day after receiving your request.

Neither Cadence nor State Bank has authorized anyone to give any information or make any representation about the merger or the companies
that is different from, or in addition to, that contained in this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus or in any of the
materials that have been incorporated in this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus. Therefore, if anyone does give you
information of this sort, you should not rely on it. If you are in a jurisdiction where offers to exchange or sell, or solicitations of offers to
exchange or purchase, the securities offered by this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus or the solicitation of proxies is
unlawful, or if
 

160



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 169/178

Table of Contents

you are a person to whom it is unlawful to direct these types of activities, then the offer presented in this joint information statement/proxy
statement and prospectus does not extend to you. The information contained in this joint information statement/proxy statement and
prospectus speaks only as of the date of this joint information statement/proxy statement and prospectus unless the information specifically
indicates that another date applies.
 

161



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 170/178

Table of Contents

ANNEX A

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

by and between

STATE BANK FINANCIAL CORPORATION

and

CADENCE BANCORPORATION

 
 

Dated as of May 11, 2018

 



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 171/178

Table of Contents

TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
ARTICLE I THE MERGER    1 

 1.1   The Merger    1 
 1.2   Closing    1 
 1.3   Effective Time    2 
 1.4   Effects of the Merger    2 
 1.5   Conversion of Company Common Stock    2 
 1.6   Parent Common Stock    3 
 1.7   Treatment of Company Equity Awards    3 
 1.8   Company Warrants    3 
 1.9   Certificate of Incorporation of Surviving Corporation    3 
 1.10  Bylaws of Surviving Corporation    3 
 1.11  Bank Merger    3 

ARTICLE II EXCHANGE OF SHARES    4 

 2.1   Parent to Make Merger Consideration Available    4 
 2.2   Exchange of Shares    4 

ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF COMPANY    6 

 3.1   Corporate Organization    6 
 3.2   Capitalization    7 
 3.3   Authority; No Violation    8 
 3.4   Consents and Approvals    9 
 3.5   Reports    9 
 3.6   Financial Statements    10 
 3.7   Broker’s Fees    11 
 3.8   Absence of Certain Changes or Events    11 
 3.9   Legal Proceedings    11 
 3.10  Taxes and Tax Returns    12 
 3.11  Employees and Employee Benefit Plans    13 
 3.12  Compliance with Applicable Law    14 
 3.13  Certain Contracts    15 
 3.14  Agreements with Regulatory Agencies    16 
 3.15  Risk Management Instruments    16 
 3.16  Environmental Matters    16 
 3.17  Investment Securities and Commodities    17 
 3.18  Real Property    17 
 3.19  Intellectual Property    17 
 3.20  Related Party Transactions    18 
 3.21  State Takeover Laws    18 
 3.22  Reorganization    18 
 3.23  Opinions of Financial Advisors    18 
 3.24  Company Information    18 
 3.25  Loan Portfolio    18 
 3.26  Insurance    19 
 3.27  Information Security    19 
 3.28  No Other Representations or Warranties    19 
 

- i -



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 172/178

Table of Contents

ARTICLE IV REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT    20 

  4.1     Corporate Organization    20 
  4.2     Capitalization    21 
  4.3     Authority; No Violation    21 
  4.4     Consents and Approvals    22 
  4.5     Reports    22 
  4.6     Financial Statements    23 
  4.7     Broker’s Fees    24 
  4.8     Absence of Certain Changes or Events    24 
  4.9     Legal Proceedings    24 
  4.10   Taxes and Tax Returns    25 
  4.11   Employees and Employee Benefit Plans    25 
  4.12   Compliance with Applicable Law    26 
  4.13   Certain Contracts    27 
  4.14   Agreements with Regulatory Agencies    27 
  4.15   Risk Management Instruments    28 
  4.16   Environmental Matters    28 
  4.17   Investment Securities and Commodities    28 
  4.18   Real Property    28 
  4.19   Intellectual Property    29 
  4.20   Related Party Transactions    29 
  4.21   State Takeover Laws    29 
  4.22   Reorganization    29 
  4.23   Parent Information    29 
  4.24   Loan Portfolio    29 
  4.25   Insurance    30 
  4.26   Information Security    30 
  4.27   No Other Representations or Warranties    30 

ARTICLE V COVENANTS RELATING TO CONDUCT OF BUSINESS    31 

  5.1     Conduct of Business Prior to the Effective Time    31 
  5.2     Company Forbearances    31 
  5.3     Parent Forbearances    34 

ARTICLE VI ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS    34 

  6.1     Regulatory Matters    34 
  6.2     Access to Information    36 
  6.3     Parent Stockholder Approval and Company Shareholder Approval    37 
  6.4     Legal Conditions to Merger    37 
  6.5     Stock Exchange Listing    37 
  6.6     Employee Benefit Plans    37 
  6.7     Indemnification; Directors’ and Officers’ Insurance    39 
  6.8     Additional Agreements    40 
  6.9     Advice of Changes    40 
  6.10   Dividends    40 
  6.11   Corporate Governance    40 
  6.12   Acquisition Proposals    41 
  6.13   Public Announcements    43 
  6.14   Change of Method    43 
  6.15   Restructuring Efforts    43 
  6.16   Takeover Statutes    43 
 

- ii -



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 173/178

Table of Contents

  6.17   Exemption from Liability under Section 16(b)    44 
  6.18   Litigation and Claims    44 
  6.19   Assumption of Company Debt    44 
  6.20   Data Conversion    44 

ARTICLE VII CONDITIONS PRECEDENT    45 

  7.1     Conditions to Each Party’s Obligation To Effect the Merger    45 
  7.2     Conditions to Obligations of Parent    45 
  7.3     Conditions to Obligations of the Company    46 

ARTICLE VIII TERMINATION AND AMENDMENT    47 

  8.1     Termination    47 
  8.2     Effect of Termination    49 

ARTICLE IX GENERAL PROVISIONS    50 

  9.1     Nonsurvival of Representations, Warranties and Agreements    50 
  9.2     Amendment    50 
  9.3     Extension; Waiver    50 
  9.4     Expenses    50 
  9.5     Notices    51 
  9.6     Interpretation    51 
  9.7     Counterparts    52 
  9.8     Entire Agreement    52 
  9.9     Governing Law; Jurisdiction    52 
  9.10   Waiver of Jury Trial    52 
  9.11   Assignment; Third Party Beneficiaries    53 
  9.12   Specific Performance    53 
  9.13   Severability    53 
  9.14   Delivery by Facsimile or Electronic Transmission    53 
 

- iii -



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 174/178

Table of Contents

INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS
 

 
- iv -

   Page 
$    66 
Acceptable Confidentiality Agreement    53 
Acquisition Proposal    53 
Adverse Recommendation Change    54 
affiliate    66 
Agreement    1 
Bank Merger    4 
Bank Merger Agreement    4 
Bank Merger Certificates    4 
BHC Act    8 
Blue Sky    11 
business day    66 
Certificate    3 
certificates    5 
Chosen Courts    67 
Closing    2 
Closing Date    2 
Code    1 
Company    1 
Company 401(k) Plan    49 
Company Articles    8 
Company Bank    4 
Company Benefit Plans    16 
Company Bylaws    8 
Company Common Stock    2 
Company Contract    20 
Company Director    52 
Company Disclosure Schedule    7 
Company Equity Awards    3 
Company Indemnified Parties    50 
Company Insiders    56 
Company Meeting    47 
Company Owned Properties    22 
Company Preferred Stock    9 
Company Qualified Plans    17 
Company Real Property    22 
Company Regulatory Agreement    20 
Company Reports    12 
Company Restricted Stock Award    3 
Company Stock Plans    4 
Company Subsidiary    9 
Company Warrant    4 
Confidentiality Agreement    47 
Continuing Employees    48 
Controlled Group Liability    17 
Data Conversion    57 
Delaware Certificate of Merger    2 
Delaware Secretary    2 
Determination Date    62 

   Page 
Determination Date Average Closing Price    62 
Determination Date Index Price    62 
DGCL    2 
dollars    66 
Effective Time    2 
Enforceability Exceptions    10 
Environmental Laws    21 
ERISA    16 
ERISA Affiliate    17 
Exchange Act    13 
Exchange Agent    5 
Exchange Fund    5 
Exchange Ratio    2 
Expense Reimbursement    63 
FDIC    9 
Federal Reserve Board    8 
GAAP    8 
GBCC    1 
Georgia Articles of Merger    2 
Georgia Secretary    2 
Governmental Entity    11 
Index Ratio    61 
Information Statement    44 
Initial Index Price    62 
Intellectual Property    22 
IRS    15 
Joint Information Statement/Proxy Statement    11 
knowledge    66 
Liens    9 
Loans    24 
made available    66 
Material Adverse Effect    8 
Materially Burdensome Regulatory Condition    45 
Merger    1 
Merger Consideration    2 
Multiemployer Plan    17 
Multiple Employer Plan    17 
NASDAQ    11 
New Plans    48 
Notifying Party    51 
NYSE    6 
OCC    11 
Parent    1 
Parent 401(k) Plan    49 
Parent Bank    4 
Parent Benefit Plans    32 
Parent Bylaws    4 



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 175/178

Table of Contents

 
- v -

   Page 
Parent Certificate    4 
Parent Class B Non-Voting Stock    26 
Parent Common Stock    2 
Parent Contract    35 
Parent Disclosure Schedule    25 
Parent Equity Awards    26 
Parent Owned Properties    36 
Parent Preferred Stock    26 
Parent Qualified Plans    33 
Parent Ratio    61 
Parent Real Property    36 
Parent Regulatory Agreement    35 
Parent Reports    29 
Parent Stock Plans    26 
Parent Subsidiary    26 
Parent Warrant    4 
Permitted Encumbrances    22 
person    66 
Proxy Statement    44 
Regulatory Agencies    12 
Representatives    52 

   Page 
Requisite Company Vote    10 
Requisite Parent Vote    27 
Requisite Regulatory Approvals    46 
S-4    11 
Sarbanes-Oxley Act    12 
SEC    11 
Section 8.1(h) Termination Date    61 
Securities Act    12 
Significant Subsidiaries    58 
SRO    12 
Starting Price    62 
Subsidiary    8 
Superior Proposal    54 
Surviving Corporation    1 
Takeover Statutes    23 
Tax    16 
Tax Return    16 
Taxes    16 
Termination Date    60 
Termination Fee    63 
the date hereof    66 



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 176/178

Table of Contents

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER, dated as of May 11, 2018 (this “Agreement”), by and between STATE BANK FINANCIAL
CORPORATION, a Georgia corporation (the “Company”), and CADENCE BANCORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (“Parent”).

W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, the parties intend that, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Company be merged with and into
Parent (the “Merger”), so that Parent is the surviving corporation (hereinafter sometimes referred to in such capacity as the “Surviving Corporation”) in
the Merger;

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company has unanimously (i) determined that this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby, including the Merger, are in the best interests of the Company and the Company’s shareholders and (ii) adopted this Agreement and approved
the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, including
the Merger;

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of Parent has unanimously (i) determined that this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby,
including the Merger, are in the best interests of Parent and Parent’s stockholders, and declared that this Agreement is advisable, and (ii) approved the
execution, delivery and performance by Parent of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Merger;

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company, subject to the terms of this Agreement, has resolved to recommend that the shareholders of
the Company approve this Agreement and to submit this Agreement to the shareholders of the Company for approval;

WHEREAS, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, it is intended that the Merger shall qualify as a “reorganization” within the meaning of
Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), and this Agreement is intended to be and is adopted as a plan of
reorganization for purposes of Sections 354 and 361 of the Code; and

WHEREAS, the parties desire to make certain representations, warranties and agreements in connection with the Merger and also to prescribe
certain conditions to the Merger.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants, representations, warranties and agreements contained herein, and intending to be
legally bound hereby, the parties agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

THE MERGER

1.1    The Merger. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, in accordance with the Georgia Business Corporation Code (the
“GBCC”) and the Delaware General Corporation Law (the “DGCL”), at the Effective Time, the Company shall merge with and into Parent. Parent shall
be the Surviving Corporation in the Merger and shall continue its corporate existence under the laws of the State of Delaware. Upon consummation of
the Merger, the separate corporate existence of the Company shall cease.

1.2    Closing. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the closing of the Merger (the “Closing”) will occur by electronic exchange
of documents at 10:00 a.m. New York City time, on a date which shall be no later than three (3) business days after the satisfaction or waiver (subject to
applicable law) of the



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 177/178

Table of Contents

latest to occur of the conditions set forth in Article VII hereof (other than those conditions that by their nature can be satisfied only at the Closing, but
subject to the satisfaction or waiver of all conditions at the Closing), unless extended by mutual agreement of the parties (the “Closing Date”).

1.3    Effective Time. The Merger shall become effective as set forth in the articles of merger (the “Georgia Articles of Merger”) to be filed with
the Secretary of State of the State of Georgia (the “Georgia Secretary”) and the certificate of merger to be filed with the Secretary of State of the State of
Delaware (the “Delaware Secretary”) on the Closing Date (the “Delaware Certificate of Merger”). The term “Effective Time” shall be the date and time
when the Merger becomes effective, as set forth in the Georgia Articles of Merger and the Delaware Certificate of Merger.

1.4    Effects of the Merger. At and after the Effective Time, the Merger shall have the effects set forth in the applicable provisions of the GBCC
and the DGCL. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, and subject thereto, at the Effective Time, all the property, rights, privileges, powers,
and franchises of the Company shall vest in the Surviving Corporation, and all debts, liabilities, and duties of the Company shall become the debts,
liabilities, and duties of the Surviving Corporation.

1.5    Conversion of Company Common Stock. At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of Parent, the
Company or the holder of any of the following securities:

(a)    Subject to Section 2.2(e), each share of the common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time (the “Company Common Stock”), except for shares of Company Common Stock owned by the Company as
treasury stock or owned by the Company or Parent (in each case other than in a fiduciary or agency capacity or as a result of debts previously
contracted), shall be converted into the right to receive 1.160 shares (the “Exchange Ratio”) of validly issued, fully paid, and nonassessable shares (the
“Merger Consideration”) of the Class A common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Parent (the “Parent Common Stock”); it being understood that
upon the Effective Time, pursuant to Section 1.6, the Parent Common Stock, including the shares issued to former holders of Company Common Stock,
shall be the common stock of the Surviving Corporation.

(b)    All of the shares of Company Common Stock converted into the right to receive Parent Common Stock pursuant to this Article I shall
no longer be outstanding and shall automatically be cancelled and shall cease to exist as of the Effective Time, and each certificate (each, a “Certificate,”
it being understood that any reference herein to “Certificate” shall be deemed to include reference to book-entry account statements relating to the
ownership of shares of Company Common Stock) previously representing any such shares of Company Common Stock shall thereafter represent only
the right to receive (i) a certificate representing the number of whole shares of Parent Common Stock which such shares of Company Common Stock
have been converted into the right to receive, (ii) cash in lieu of fractional shares which the shares of Company Common Stock represented by such
Certificate have been converted into the right to receive pursuant to this Section 1.5 and Section 2.2(e), without any interest thereon, and (iii) any
dividends or distributions which the holder thereof has the right to receive pursuant to Section 2.2. Certificates previously representing shares of
Company Common Stock shall be exchanged for certificates representing whole shares of Parent Common Stock (together with any dividends or
distributions with respect thereto and cash in lieu of fractional shares issued in consideration therefor) upon the surrender of such Certificates in
accordance with Section 2.2, without any interest thereon. If, prior to the Effective Time, the outstanding shares of Parent Common Stock or Company
Common Stock shall have been increased, decreased, changed into or exchanged for a different number or kind of shares or securities as a result of a
reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification, stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock split, or other similar change in capitalization, or there shall be
any extraordinary dividend or distribution, an appropriate and proportionate adjustment shall be made to the Exchange Ratio.

(c)    Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, at the Effective Time, all shares of Company Common Stock that are
owned by the Company or Parent (in each case other than in a fiduciary or
 

- 2 -



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1497275/000119312518225612/d516025ddefm14a.htm 178/178

Table of Contents

agency capacity or as a result of debts previously contracted) shall be cancelled and shall cease to exist and no stock of Parent or other consideration
shall be delivered in exchange therefor.

1.6    Parent Common Stock. At and after the Effective Time, each share of Parent Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time shall remain an issued and outstanding share of common stock of the Surviving Corporation and shall not be affected by the Merger.

1.7    Treatment of Company Equity Awards.

(a)    At the Effective Time, each award in respect of a share of Company Common Stock subject to vesting, repurchase or other lapse
restriction granted under a Company Stock Plan that is outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (a “Company Restricted Stock Award”)
(hereinafter sometimes referred to collectively as the “Company Equity Awards”) shall vest (with any performance-based vesting condition applicable to
such Company Restricted Stock Award deemed to have been achieved to the extent set forth in the award agreement applicable to such Company
Restricted Stock Award) and be cancelled and converted automatically into the right to receive the Merger Consideration in respect of each share of
Company Common Stock underlying such Company Restricted Stock Award. The Surviving Corporation shall issue the consideration described in this
Section 1.7(a) (together with any accrued but unpaid dividends corresponding to the Company Restricted Stock Awards that vest in accordance with this
Section 1.7(a)), less applicable tax withholdings, within five (5) business days following the Closing Date.

(b)    At or prior to the Effective Time, the Board of Directors of the Company and its compensation committee, as applicable, shall adopt
any resolutions and take any actions that are necessary to effectuate the provisions of this Section 1.7.

(c)    For purpo


