







































10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 1/219

DEFM14A 1 d592854ddefm14a.htm DEFM14A

Table of Contents

  

UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549
 

 

SCHEDULE 14A
Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 

 

Filed by the Registrant  ☒

Filed by a Party other than the Registrant  ☐
Check the appropriate box:
 

☐  Preliminary Proxy Statement

☐  Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2))

☒  Definitive Proxy Statement

☐  Definitive Additional Materials

☐  Soliciting Material under §240.14a-12

MB FINANCIAL, INC.
(Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter)

        
(Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant)

Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box):
☒  No fee required.
☐  Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11.

 
(1)

 
Title of each class of securities to which transaction applies:
     

 
(2)

 
Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies:
     

 

(3)

 

Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-
11 (set forth the amount on which the filing fee is calculated and state how it was determined):
     

 
(4)

 
Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction:
     

 
(5)

 
Total fee paid:
     

☐  Fee paid previously with preliminary materials.
☐

 

Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing
for which the offsetting fee was paid previously. Identify the previous filing by registration statement
number, or the Form or Schedule and the date of its filing.



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 2/219

 
(1)

 
Amount Previously Paid:
     

 
(2)

 
Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.:
     

 
(3)

 
Filing Party:
     

 
(4)

 
Date Filed:
     

   



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 3/219

Table of Contents

MERGER PROPOSED—YOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT
August 3, 2018

Dear Stockholder:

On May 20, 2018, MB Financial, Inc., or MB Financial, entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, or the merger agreement, with Fifth Third Bancorp, or Fifth
Third, and Fifth Third Financial Corporation, or Intermediary, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Fifth Third. The merger agreement provides for the combination of MB
Financial and Fifth Third, either through the merger of MB Financial with and into Intermediary, with Intermediary as the surviving corporation, which we refer to as the
direct merger, or through the merger of a newly formed subsidiary of Fifth Third with and into MB Financial, with MB Financial as the surviving corporation, which we
refer to as the alternative merger. Only if the direct merger is not approved by the MB Financial preferred stockholders will the alternative merger occur instead of the
direct merger, if the applicable common stockholder approvals for the alternative merger and charter amendment described below are obtained. We collectively refer to
the direct merger and the alternative merger as the merger.

In the merger, each outstanding share of MB Financial common stock will be converted into the right to receive 1.45 shares of Fifth Third common stock and $5.54 in
cash, which we refer to as the merger consideration. Additionally, if the direct merger is approved by the holders of MB Financial’s 6.00% Non-Cumulative Perpetual
Preferred Stock, Series C, or MB Financial preferred stock, each share of MB Financial preferred stock will be converted into the right to receive one share of a newly
created series of preferred stock of Fifth Third having substantially the same terms as the MB Financial preferred stock, except that the new series of Fifth Third
preferred stock will have no voting rights (including upon an arrearage in the payment of dividends) except as required by Ohio law and will have certain other
differences consistent with Fifth Third’s currently outstanding series of preferred stock and its articles of incorporation. If the direct merger is not approved by the holders
of MB Financial preferred stock, then the alternative merger will occur instead of the direct merger, in which case the holders of MB Financial common stock will
receive the same merger consideration as described above, but the MB Financial preferred stock will not be converted into a share of new Fifth Third preferred stock and
will instead remain outstanding and unchanged (except as modified by the proposed charter amendment referred to below) as preferred stock of MB Financial, which
will be a subsidiary of Fifth Third.

Based on the closing price of Fifth Third common stock on the NASDAQ Global Select Market, or NASDAQ, on May 18, 2018, the last trading day before public
announcement of the merger agreement, the value of the per share merger consideration payable to holders of MB Financial common stock would be $54.20. Based on
the closing price of Fifth Third common stock on the NASDAQ on August 1, 2018, the last practicable trading date before the date of this proxy statement/prospectus,
the value of the per share merger consideration payable to holders of MB Financial common stock would be $48.72. Based on the number of shares of MB Financial
common stock outstanding and the number of shares of MB Financial common stock issuable pursuant to outstanding MB Financial stock options, restricted stock
awards, restricted stock units and performance awards, in each case as of August 1, 2018, the total number of shares of Fifth Third common stock expected to be issued
in connection with the merger is approximately 127,245,626. In addition, based on the number of issued and outstanding shares of Fifth Third common stock and MB
Financial common stock on August 1, 2018, and based on the exchange ratio of 1.45, holders of MB Financial common stock immediately prior to the closing of the
merger will hold, in the aggregate, approximately 16% of the issued and outstanding shares of Fifth Third common stock immediately following the closing of the
merger (without giving effect to any shares of Fifth Third common stock held by MB Financial stockholders prior to the merger). Based on the number of shares of MB
Financial preferred stock and the number of depositary shares, each representing a 1/40th interest in a share of MB Financial preferred stock, outstanding as of August 1,
2018, the total number of shares of new Fifth Third preferred stock expected to be issued in connection with the merger is 200,000 and the total number of depositary
shares expected to be issued in respect of the new Fifth Third preferred stock is 8,000,000. The depositary shares issued in respect of the new Fifth Third preferred stock
are expected to be listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market. As indicated above, if the alternative merger occurs instead of the direct merger, the MB Financial
preferred stock will remain outstanding and no new Fifth Third preferred stock will be issued.

MB Financial will hold a special meeting of its stockholders at which the holders of MB Financial preferred stock will be asked to approve the direct merger, and the
holders of MB Financial common stock will be asked to approve the merger (whether effected as the direct merger or, in the event the MB Financial preferred
stockholders fail to approve the direct merger, as the alternative merger) and an amendment to MB Financial’s charter and articles supplementary for the MB Financial
preferred stock, which we refer to as the charter amendment, that would give the holders of MB Financial preferred stock the right to vote with the holders of MB
Financial common stock as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of such common stockholders, effective immediately prior to the consummation of the
alternative merger, and



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 4/219

Table of Contents

related matters. The special meeting will be held on September 18, 2018, at 8:30 a.m., local time, at MB Financial Center, 6111 North River Road, Rosemont, Illinois
60018.

The direct merger cannot be completed unless the MB Financial common stockholders and MB Financial preferred stockholders approve the direct merger.
The alternative merger cannot be completed unless MB Financial common stockholders approve the alternative merger and, if the MB Financial preferred
stockholders fail to approve the direct merger, the charter amendment. Only if the direct merger is not approved by the MB Financial preferred stockholders
will the alternative merger occur instead of the direct merger, if the applicable common stockholder approvals for the alternative merger are obtained.
Therefore, it is essential that MB Financial common stockholders approve both the merger (which will constitute approval of both the direct merger and the
alternative merger) and the charter amendment to ensure the merger can be completed in the event the MB Financial preferred stockholders fail to approve
the direct merger.

Computershare Inc. and Computershare Trust Company N.A., which we refer to collectively as the depositary, holds of record all of the outstanding shares of MB
Financial preferred stock on behalf of the holders of depositary shares, each representing a 1/40th interest in a share of MB Financial preferred stock. The depositary is
required to vote the MB Financial preferred stock in accordance with the instructions of the holders of the depositary shares. Where we refer to holders of MB Financial
preferred stock, this includes holders of depositary shares representing interests in MB Financial preferred stock unless the context indicates otherwise.

YOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT, REGARDLESS OF THE NUMBER OF SHARES OR DEPOSITARY SHARES YOU OWN. To ensure your
representation at the special meeting, please complete and return the enclosed proxy card or submit your proxy by following the instructions contained in this proxy
statement/prospectus and on your proxy card. Please vote promptly whether or not you expect to attend the special meeting. If you hold your shares or depositary shares
in “street name,” you should instruct your broker, bank or other nominee how to vote in accordance with the voting instruction form you receive from your broker, bank
or other nominee.

The MB Financial Board of Directors has unanimously approved the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby and recommends that
holders of MB Financial preferred stock vote “FOR” the direct merger and that holders of MB Financial common stock vote “FOR” the merger, “FOR” the
charter amendment and “FOR” a proposal to approve, on a non-binding advisory basis, the compensation to be paid to MB Financial’s named executive
officers that is based on or otherwise relates to the merger, discussed in the accompanying proxy statement/prospectus under the section entitled “The Merger—
Interests of MB Financial Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger” beginning on page 70.

This proxy statement/prospectus provides you with detailed information about the proposed transaction. It also contains or references information about Fifth Third and
MB Financial and certain related matters. You are encouraged to read this proxy statement/prospectus carefully. In particular, you should read the “Risk Factors”
section beginning on page 27 for a discussion of the risks you should consider in evaluating the proposed transaction and how it may affect you.

If you have any questions regarding the accompanying proxy statement/prospectus, you may contact D.F. King, MB Financial’s proxy solicitor, by calling toll-free at
(800) 431-9645.

Sincerely,
 

Mitchell Feiger
President and Chief Executive Officer

Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of the merger, the charter amendment, the
issuance of Fifth Third common shares or the new Fifth Third preferred stock in connection with the merger or the other transactions described in this proxy
statement/prospectus, or passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of the disclosure in this proxy statement/prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a
criminal offense.

The securities to be issued in connection with the merger are not savings accounts, deposits or other obligations of any bank or savings association and are not
insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other governmental agency.

This proxy statement/prospectus is dated August 3, 2018, and is first being mailed to stockholders of MB Financial on or about August 3, 2018.



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 5/219

Table of Contents

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

Both Fifth Third and MB Financial file annual, quarterly and special reports, proxy statements and other business and financial information with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). You may read and copy any materials that either Fifth Third or MB Financial files with the SEC at
the SEC’s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, D.C. 20549, at prescribed rates. Please call the SEC at
(800) SEC-0330 ((800) 732-0330) for further information on the public reference room. In addition, Fifth Third and MB Financial file reports and other
business and financial information with the SEC electronically, and the SEC maintains a website located at www.sec.gov containing this information.
You will also be able to obtain these documents, free of charge, from Fifth Third at ir.53.com under “SEC Filings,” or from MB Financial by accessing
MB Financial’s website at investor.mbfinancial.com under the “Financial Information” tab and under the heading “SEC Filings.”

Fifth Third has filed a registration statement on Form S-4 of which this proxy statement/prospectus forms a part. As permitted by SEC rules, this proxy
statement/prospectus does not contain all of the information included in the registration statement or in the exhibits or schedules to the registration
statement. You may obtain a free copy of the registration statement, including any amendments, schedules and exhibits at the addresses set forth below.
Statements contained in this proxy statement/prospectus as to the contents of any contract or other documents referred to in this proxy
statement/prospectus are not necessarily complete. In each case, you should refer to the copy of the applicable contract or other document filed as an
exhibit to the registration statement. This proxy statement/prospectus incorporates by reference documents that Fifth Third and MB Financial have
previously filed with the SEC. These documents contain important information about the companies and their financial condition. See “Incorporation of
Certain Documents by Reference” beginning on page 133. These documents are available without charge to you upon written or oral request to the
applicable company’s principal executive offices. The respective addresses and telephone numbers of such principal executive offices are listed below. 
 

Fifth Third Bancorp
Fifth Third Center

38 Fountain Square Plaza
Cincinnati, Ohio 45202

(800) 972-3030   

MB Financial, Inc.
800 West Madison Street
Chicago, Illinois 60607

(888) 422-6562

To obtain timely delivery of these documents, you must request the information no later than September 11, 2018 in order to receive them
before the special meeting of stockholders.

Fifth Third common shares are traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “FITB,” MB Financial common stock is traded on the
Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “MBFI” and the depositary shares, each representing a 1/40th interest in a share of MB Financial
preferred stock, are traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “MBFIO.”



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 6/219

Table of Contents

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS TO BE HELD ON SEPTEMBER 18, 2018

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that a special meeting of stockholders of MB Financial, Inc. (which we refer to as “MB Financial”) will be held on
September 18, 2018, at 8:30 a.m. local time, at MB Financial Center, 6111 North River Road, Rosemont, Illinois 60018, for the following purposes:
 

 

1. For the holders of MB Financial’s 6.00% Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series C (which we refer to as “MB Financial
preferred stock”), voting as a separate class from the MB Financial common stock, to approve the merger of MB Financial with and into
Fifth Third Financial Corporation (which we refer to as “Intermediary”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Fifth Third Bancorp (which we refer
to as “Fifth Third”), with Intermediary surviving this merger, pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of May 20, 2018 (as
such agreement may from time to time be amended, which we refer to as the “merger agreement”), by and among Fifth Third, Intermediary
and MB Financial. We refer to this transaction as the “direct merger” and this proposal as the “preferred stockholder merger proposal.”

 

 

2. For the holders of MB Financial common stock to approve the merger of MB Financial with a subsidiary of Fifth Third, which will be the
direct merger if the holders of MB Financial preferred stock approve the preferred stockholder merger proposal, or the merger of a newly-
formed subsidiary of Fifth Third with and into MB Financial, with MB Financial surviving that merger (which we refer to as the “alternative
merger”), if the holders of MB Financial preferred stock do not approve the preferred stockholder merger proposal. We collectively refer to
the direct merger and the alternative merger as the “merger” and this proposal as the “common stockholder merger proposal.”

 

 

3. For the holders of MB Financial common stock to approve an amendment to the charter of MB Financial and the articles supplementary to
the charter of MB Financial relating to the MB Financial preferred stock that would give the holders of MB Financial preferred stock the
right to vote with the holders of MB Financial common stock as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of such common
stockholders (which we refer to as the “charter amendment”), to become effective immediately prior to consummation of the alternative
merger in the event the holders of MB Financial preferred stock do not approve the preferred stockholder merger proposal. We refer to this
proposal as the “charter amendment proposal.”

 

 

4. For the holders of MB Financial common stock to approve, on a non-binding, advisory basis, the compensation to be paid to MB Financial’s
named executive officers that is based on or otherwise relates to the merger, discussed under the section entitled “The Merger—Interests of
MB Financial Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger” beginning on page 70. We refer to this proposal as the “merger-related
compensation proposal.

 

 
5. For the holders of MB Financial preferred stock to approve one or more adjournments of the special meeting, if necessary or appropriate to

permit further solicitation of proxies from the holders of MB Financial preferred stock in favor of the preferred stockholder merger proposal.
We refer to this proposal as the “preferred stockholder adjournment proposal.”

 

 
6. For the holders of MB Financial common stock to approve one or more adjournments of the special meeting, if necessary or appropriate to

permit further solicitation of proxies from the holders of MB Financial common stock in favor of the common stockholder merger proposal
and/or the charter amendment proposal. We refer to this proposal as the “common stockholder adjournment proposal.”

The affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of MB Financial preferred stock, voting as a separate class from the
MB Financial common stock, is required to approve the preferred stockholder merger proposal.



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 7/219

Table of Contents

The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of MB Financial common stock entitled to vote thereon, voting as a separate
class from the MB Financial preferred stock, is required to approve each of the common stockholder merger proposal and the charter amendment
proposal. The affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast by the holders of MB Financial common stock is required to approve, on a non-binding,
advisory basis, the merger-related compensation proposal and the common stockholder adjournment proposal. The affirmative vote of a majority of the
votes cast by the holders of MB Financial preferred stock is required to approve the preferred stockholder adjournment proposal.

MB Financial will transact no other business at the special meeting except for business properly brought before the special meeting or any adjournment
or postponement thereof.

The merger cannot be completed unless MB Financial common stockholders approve the common stockholder merger proposal and, if the MB
Financial preferred stockholders fail to approve the preferred stockholder merger proposal, the charter amendment proposal. Therefore, it is
essential that MB Financial common stockholders approve both the common stockholder merger proposal and the charter amendment
proposal to ensure the merger can be completed in the event the MB Financial preferred stockholders fail to approve the preferred stockholder
merger proposal. The MB Financial preferred stockholders are not entitled to vote on the charter amendment proposal or the merger-related
compensation proposal. The voting by MB Financial common stockholders on the merger-related compensation proposal is advisory only and will have
no effect on the separate votes cast on the common stockholder merger proposal or the charter amendment proposal. Approval of the charter amendment
proposal is necessary to obtain required tax opinions in the event the alternative merger will occur instead of the direct merger. The proxy
statement/prospectus accompanying this notice explains the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, as well as the proposals to be
considered at the special meeting. Please review the proxy statement/prospectus carefully.

The MB Financial Board of Directors has set August 1, 2018 as the record date for the special meeting. Only holders of record of MB Financial
common stock and MB Financial preferred stock at the close of business on August 1, 2018 will be entitled to notice of and to vote at the special
meeting and any adjournments or postponements thereof.

Computershare Inc. and Computershare Trust Company N.A., which we refer to collectively as the depositary, holds of record all of the outstanding
shares of MB Financial preferred stock on behalf of the holders of depositary shares, each representing a 1/40th interest in a share of MB Financial
preferred stock. The depositary is required to vote the MB Financial preferred stock in accordance with the instructions of the holders of the depositary
shares. Where we refer to “holders of MB Financial preferred stock” or “MB Financial preferred stockholders,” this includes holders of the depositary
shares representing interests in the MB Financial preferred stock unless the context indicates otherwise.

YOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT, REGARDLESS OF THE NUMBER OF SHARES OR DEPOSITARY SHARES YOU OWN. Whether
or not you plan to attend the special meeting, please complete, sign, date and mail the enclosed proxy card in the postage-paid envelope
provided as soon as possible. You may also submit a proxy by telephone or via the Internet by following the instructions printed on your proxy
card. If you hold your shares or depositary shares through a broker, bank or other nominee, you should direct the voting of your shares or
depositary shares in accordance with the voting instruction form received from your broker, bank or other nominee.

The MB Financial Board of Directors has unanimously approved the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby and
recommends that holders of MB Financial common stock vote “FOR” the common stockholder merger proposal, “FOR” the charter
amendment proposal, “FOR” the merger-related compensation proposal and “FOR” the common stockholder adjournment proposal (if
necessary or appropriate), and recommends that holders of MB Financial preferred stock vote “FOR” the preferred stockholder merger
proposal and “FOR” the preferred stockholder adjournment proposal (if necessary or appropriate).



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 8/219

Table of Contents

If you have any questions or need assistance with voting, please contact our proxy solicitor, D.F. King, toll-free at (800) 431-9645.

Record holders of MB Financial common stock may vote in person at the special meeting by filling out a ballot or may use a proxy authorizing the
designated proxies to vote on his, her or its behalf. The depositary will vote the shares of MB Financial preferred stock in accordance with the
instructions it receives from holders of depositary shares representing interests in the MB Financial preferred stock.

If you hold shares of MB Financial common stock through a broker, bank or other nominee and wish to vote your shares in person at the special
meeting, then you must obtain a legal proxy from the holder of record authorizing you to do so by contacting your broker, bank or other nominee. MB
Financial reserves the right to limit admission to the special meeting to stockholders of record and persons holding shares of common stock or
depositary shares through a broker, bank or other nominee who provide appropriate documentation of beneficial ownership, such as a recent brokerage
account statement.

By Order of the Board of Directors
 

Mitchell Feiger
President and Chief Executive Officer

Chicago, Illinois
August 3, 2018



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 9/219

Table of Contents

TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
   Page 
QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER AND THE SPECIAL MEETING    1 
SUMMARY    9 

The Merger and the Merger Agreement    9 
Merger Consideration    9 
Recommendation of the MB Financial Board of Directors    10 
Opinion of MB Financial’s Financial Advisor    10 
MB Financial Special Meeting of Stockholders    11 
MB Financial’s Directors and Executive Officers Have Financial Interests in the Merger    13 
Treatment of MB Financial Stock Options and Other Equity Awards    13 
Regulatory Approvals Required for the Merger    14 
Appraisal Rights    14 
Conditions to the Merger    14 
No Solicitation    15 
Termination; Termination Fee    15 
The Rights of MB Financial Stockholders Will Change as a Result of the Merger    16 
Risk Factors    17 
The Parties    17 

SELECTED HISTORICAL FINANCIAL DATA FOR MB FINANCIAL    18 
SELECTED HISTORICAL FINANCIAL DATA FOR FIFTH THIRD    20 
UNAUDITED COMPARATIVE PER COMMON SHARE DATA    22 
COMPARATIVE PER SHARE MARKET PRICE AND DIVIDEND INFORMATION    23 
FIFTH THIRD SHARE REPURCHASES    24 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS    25 
RISK FACTORS    27 

Risks Related to the Merger    27 
Additional Risks Relating to the New Fifth Third Preferred Stock or MB Financial Preferred Stock    32 
Risks Relating to the Tax Consequences of the Merger    33 
Additional Risks Relating to Fifth Third and MB Financial After the Merger    34 

MB FINANCIAL SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS    35 
Date, Time and Place of the Special Meeting    35 
Purpose of the Special Meeting    35 
Recommendation of the MB Financial Board of Directors    35 
Record Date and Quorum    36 
Required Vote    36 
Treatment of Abstentions; Failure to Vote    37 
Proxies and Voting Instructions; Incomplete Proxies and Voting Instructions    37 
Shares Held in Street Name    38 
Shares Held Through MB Financial 401(k) Profit Sharing Plan    38 
Revocability of Proxies/Voting Instructions and Changes to a Vote    38 
Solicitation of Proxies and Voting Instructions    39 
Attending the Special Meeting    39 

MB FINANCIAL PROPOSALS    40 
Preferred Stockholder Merger Proposal, Common Stockholder Merger Proposal and Charter Amendment Proposal    40 
Merger-Related Compensation Proposal    41 
Preferred Stockholder Adjournment Proposal and Common Stockholder Adjournment Proposal    42 

INFORMATION ABOUT THE COMPANIES    44 
THE MERGER    46 

Terms of the Merger    46 
Conversion of Shares; Exchange and Payment Procedures    47 
Background of the Merger    48 



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 10/219

Table of Contents

   Page  
Recommendation of the MB Financial Board of Directors and Reasons for the Merger    54 
Certain MB Financial Prospective Financial Information    57 
Opinion of MB Financial’s Financial Advisor    59 
Fifth Third’s Board of Directors’ Reasons for the Merger    69 
Management and Board of Directors of Fifth Third After the Merger    70 
Interests of MB Financial Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger    70 
Merger-Related Compensation for MB Financial’s Named Executive Officers    75 
Dividends/Distributions    78 

REGULATORY APPROVALS REQUIRED FOR THE MERGER    79 
ACCOUNTING TREATMENT    81 
PUBLIC TRADING MARKETS    82 
RESALE OF FIFTH THIRD COMMON SHARES AND NEW FIFTH THIRD PREFERRED STOCK    83 
THE MERGER AGREEMENT    84 

Effects of the Merger; Merger Consideration    84 
Closing and Effective Time of the Merger    85 
Treatment of MB Financial Stock Options and Other Equity Awards    85 
Covenants and Agreements    86 
Representations and Warranties    92 
Conditions to the Merger    95 
Termination; Termination Fee    96 
Effect of Termination    97 
Amendments, Extensions and Waivers    97 
Stock Market Listing    98 
Board of Directors of Fifth Third    98 
Fees and Expenses    98 

MATERIAL UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER    99 
COMPARISON OF STOCKHOLDERS’ RIGHTS    104 

General    104 
Comparison of Stockholders’ Rights    104 

DESCRIPTION OF FIFTH THIRD CAPITAL STOCK    118 
General    118 
Shares of Common Stock    118 
Shares of Preferred Stock    123 

APPRAISAL RIGHTS    126 
EXPERTS    127 
LEGAL OPINIONS    128 
HOUSEHOLDING OF PROXY MATERIALS    129 
OTHER MATTERS    130 
MB FINANCIAL ANNUAL MEETING STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS    131 
FIFTH THIRD ANNUAL MEETING SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS    132 
INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN DOCUMENTS BY REFERENCE    133 



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 11/219

Table of Contents

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER AND THE SPECIAL MEETING

The following are answers to certain questions that you may have regarding the merger and the special meeting. We urge you to read carefully the
remainder of this proxy statement/prospectus because the information in this section may not provide all the information that might be important to you
in determining how to vote. Additional important information is also contained in the appendices to, and the documents incorporated by reference in,
this proxy statement/prospectus.

 
Q: WHAT IS THE MERGER?
 

A: Fifth Third Bancorp, an Ohio corporation (which we refer to as “Fifth Third”), Fifth Third Financial Corporation, an Ohio corporation and a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Fifth Third (which we refer to as “Intermediary”), and MB Financial, Inc., a Maryland corporation (which we refer to
as “MB Financial”), have entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of May 20, 2018, as it may be amended from time to time
(which we refer to as the “merger agreement”). The merger agreement provides for the combination of MB Financial and Fifth Third, either
through the merger of MB Financial with and into Intermediary, with Intermediary as the surviving corporation (which we refer to as the “direct
merger”), or through the merger of a newly formed subsidiary of Fifth Third with and into MB Financial, with MB Financial as the surviving
corporation (which we refer to as the “alternative merger”). We collectively refer to the direct merger and the alternative merger as the “merger.”
Only if the direct merger is not approved by the MB Financial preferred stockholders will the alternative merger occur instead of the direct merger,
if the applicable common stockholder approvals for the alternative merger and charter amendment described below are obtained.

MB Financial will hold a special meeting of its stockholders to obtain the required stockholder approvals, and you are being provided with this
proxy statement/prospectus in connection with that meeting. A copy of the merger agreement is attached to this proxy statement/prospectus as
Appendix A. We urge you to read carefully this proxy statement/prospectus and the merger agreement in their entirety.

 
Q: WHY AM I RECEIVING THIS DOCUMENT?
 

A: This proxy statement/prospectus is being provided to MB Financial stockholders to help them decide how to vote their shares with respect to the
matters to be considered at the special meeting.

This document constitutes both a proxy statement of MB Financial and a prospectus of Fifth Third. It is a proxy statement because the Board of
Directors of MB Financial is soliciting proxies using this document from MB Financial stockholders. It is a prospectus because Fifth Third is
offering (i) in connection with the merger, shares of its common stock in partial exchange for the outstanding shares of MB Financial common
stock and (ii) in connection with the direct merger, its newly-created series of preferred stock designated 6.00% Non-Cumulative Perpetual
Preferred Stock, Series K (which we refer to as the “new Fifth Third preferred stock”), and depositary shares in respect thereof, in exchange for
the outstanding shares of MB Financial’s 6.00% Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series C (which we refer to as the “MB Financial
preferred stock”), and depositary shares in respect thereof. The new Fifth Third preferred stock will have substantially the same terms as the MB
Financial preferred stock, except that the new Fifth Third preferred stock will have no voting rights (including upon an arrearage in the payment of
dividends) except as required by Ohio law and will have certain other differences consistent with Fifth Third’s currently outstanding series of
preferred stock and its articles of incorporation.

 
Q: WHAT WILL MB FINANCIAL COMMON STOCKHOLDERS RECEIVE IN THE MERGER?
 

A: If the merger is completed, each share of MB Financial common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the
merger (other than shares owned by MB Financial or Fifth Third), will be

 
1



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 12/219

Table of Contents

 

converted into the right to receive 1.45 shares of Fifth Third common stock (which we refer to as the “exchange ratio”) and $5.54 in cash. Fifth
Third will not issue any fractional common shares in the merger. Instead, a holder of MB Financial common stock who otherwise would have
received a fraction of a Fifth Third common share will receive an amount in cash (rounded to the nearest cent) determined by multiplying (i) the
fraction of a Fifth Third common share to which the holder would otherwise be entitled by (ii) the average closing price of Fifth Third common
stock on the NASDAQ Global Select Market (which we refer to as the “NASDAQ”) for the five full trading days ending on the trading day
immediately preceding the closing date of the merger.

Although the merger consideration is fixed, the value of the stock portion of the merger consideration will fluctuate between the date of this proxy
statement/prospectus and the completion of the merger based upon the market value of Fifth Third common stock. Any fluctuation in the market
price of Fifth Third common stock after the date of this proxy statement/prospectus will change the value of the shares of Fifth Third common
stock that MB Financial common stockholders will receive in the merger.

 
Q: WHAT WILL MB FINANCIAL PREFERRED STOCKHOLDERS RECEIVE IN THE MERGER?
 

A: If the merger is completed as the direct merger, which will be the case if the direct merger is approved by the holders of MB Financial preferred
stock, each share of MB Financial preferred stock will be converted into the right to receive one share of new Fifth Third preferred stock, and the
depositary shares, each representing a 1/40th interest in a share of MB Financial preferred stock, will be converted into depositary shares, each
representing a 1/40th interest in a share of new Fifth Third preferred stock.

If the merger is completed as the alternative merger, which will be the case if the direct merger is not approved by the holders of MB Financial
preferred stock and the alternative merger and charter amendment are approved by the holders of MB Financial common stock, the MB Financial
preferred stock will not be converted into a share of new Fifth Third preferred stock and will instead remain outstanding and unchanged (except as
modified by the proposed charter amendment referred to below) as preferred stock of MB Financial, which will be a subsidiary of Fifth Third.
Approval of the common stockholder merger proposal described below under “What are MB Financial stockholders being asked to vote on?”
constitutes approval of both the direct merger and the alternative merger by the holders of MB Financial common stock.

 
Q: WILL THE MB FINANCIAL COMMON STOCK AND DEPOSITARY SHARES REPRESENTING INTERESTS IN MB FINANCIAL

PREFERRED STOCK CONTINUE TO BE LISTED ON THE NASDAQ FOLLOWING COMPLETION OF THE MERGER?
 

A: No. Upon completion of the merger, MB Financial common stock and the depositary shares, each representing a 1/40th interest in a share of MB
Financial preferred stock, will be delisted from the NASDAQ and thereafter will be deregistered under the Exchange Act and MB Financial will
no longer be required to file periodic reports with the SEC with respect to the MB Financial common stock and the depositary shares. The Fifth
Third common shares issuable in the merger will be listed on the NASDAQ. Prior to the effective time of the direct merger, Fifth Third will use its
reasonable best efforts to cause the new Fifth Third preferred stock, if issuable, (or depositary shares representing interests in the new Fifth Third
preferred stock) to be approved for listing on the NASDAQ.

 
Q: WHEN WILL THE MERGER BE COMPLETED?
 

A: The parties currently expect that the merger will be completed in the first quarter of 2019. However, neither Fifth Third nor MB Financial can
assure you of when or if the merger will be completed, and it is possible that factors outside of the control of both companies, including whether
and when the required regulatory approvals will be received, could result in the merger being completed at a different time or not at all. MB
Financial must first obtain required stockholder approvals, and Fifth Third and MB Financial must also first

 
2



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 13/219

Table of Contents

 
obtain certain necessary regulatory approvals and satisfy other closing conditions. See “The Merger Agreement—Conditions to the Merger”
beginning on page 95.

 
Q: WHAT ARE MB FINANCIAL STOCKHOLDERS BEING ASKED TO VOTE ON?
 

A: Holders of MB Financial preferred stock are being asked to vote on the following proposals:
 

 1. to approve the direct merger (which we refer to as the “preferred stockholder merger proposal”); and
 

 
2. to approve one or more adjournments of the special meeting, if necessary or appropriate to permit further solicitation of proxies from the

holders of MB Financial preferred stock in favor of the preferred stockholder merger proposal (which we refer to as the “preferred
stockholder adjournment proposal”).

Computershare Inc. and Computershare Trust Company N.A. (which we refer to collectively as the “depositary”), holds of record all of the
outstanding shares of MB Financial preferred stock on behalf of the holders of depositary shares, each representing a 1/40th interest in a share of
MB Financial preferred stock. The depositary is required to vote the MB Financial preferred stock in accordance with the instructions of the
holders of the depositary shares. Where we refer to “holders of MB Financial preferred stock” or “MB Financial preferred stockholders,” this
includes holders of the depositary shares representing interests in MB Financial preferred stock unless the context indicates otherwise.

Holders of MB Financial common stock are being asked to vote on the following proposals:
 

 
1. to approve the merger (whether effected as the direct merger or, in the event the preferred stockholders do not approve the preferred

stockholder merger proposal, as the alternative merger) (which we refer to as the “common stockholder merger proposal”);
 

 

2. to approve an amendment to the charter of MB Financial and the articles supplementary to the charter of MB Financial relating to the MB
Financial preferred stock that would give the holders of MB Financial preferred stock the right to vote with the holders of MB Financial
common stock as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of such common stockholders, to become effective immediately prior to
consummation of the alternative merger in the event the holders of MB Financial preferred stock do not approve the preferred stockholder
merger proposal (which we refer to as the “charter amendment proposal”);

 

 
3. to approve, on a non-binding, advisory basis, the compensation to be paid to MB Financial’s named executive officers that is based on or

otherwise relates to the merger, discussed under the section entitled “The Merger—Interests of MB Financial Directors and Executive
Officers in the Merger” beginning on page 70 (which we refer to as the “merger-related compensation proposal”); and

 

 
4. to approve one or more adjournments of the special meeting, if necessary or appropriate to permit further solicitation of proxies from the

holders of MB Financial common stock in favor of the common stockholder merger proposal and/or the charter amendment proposal (which
we refer to as the “common stockholder adjournment proposal”).

The merger cannot be completed unless MB Financial common stockholders approve the common stockholder merger proposal and, if the MB
Financial preferred stockholders fail to approve the preferred stockholder merger proposal, the charter amendment proposal. Therefore, it is
essential that MB Financial common stockholders approve both the common stockholder merger proposal and the charter amendment
proposal to ensure the merger can be completed in the event the MB Financial preferred stockholders fail to approve the preferred
stockholder merger proposal.

 
Q: WHAT IS THE CHARTER AMENDMENT PROPOSAL AND WHY ARE MB FINANCIAL COMMON STOCKHOLDERS BEING

ASKED TO APPROVE IT?
 

A: As indicated above, the charter amendment would amend the charter of MB Financial (specifically, Section C of Article 5 of the charter) and the
articles supplementary to the charter of MB Financial relating to the

 
3



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 14/219

Table of Contents

 

MB Financial preferred stock (specifically, Sections 6(a) and 6(d) of Annex A to the articles supplementary) to give the holders of MB Financial
preferred stock the right to vote with the holders of MB Financial common stock as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of such
common stockholders, with the holders of MB Financial preferred stock being entitled to 24 votes for each share of MB Financial preferred stock.
If approved by the MB Financial common stockholders, the charter amendment will not become effective until immediately prior to
consummation of the alternative merger, following the filing of articles of amendment with the Department of Assessments and Taxation of the
State of Maryland. As noted above, the alternative merger will occur instead of the direct merger if and only if the MB Financial preferred
stockholders fail to approve the preferred stockholder merger proposal and the MB Financial common stockholders approve the common
stockholder merger proposal and the charter amendment proposal. Approval of the charter amendment proposal is necessary to obtain required tax
opinions in the event the alternative merger will occur instead of the direct merger.

Upon completion of the alternative merger, MB Financial will be a subsidiary of Fifth Third, who will control MB Financial. MB Financial
preferred stockholders will vote with Fifth Third as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of Fifth Third, as the sole common stockholder
of MB Financial following completion of the alternative merger. Thus, the voting rights that would be conferred upon the MB Financial preferred
stockholders by the charter amendment would continue to apply with respect to MB Financial, and not Fifth Third, following completion of the
alternative merger.

 
Q: WHAT CONSTITUTES A QUORUM AT THE SPECIAL MEETING?
 

A: The holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of MB Financial common stock as of August 1, 2018 (which we refer to as the “record date”),
present in person or represented by proxy, will constitute a quorum for purposes of the matters being voted on by the common stockholders. The
holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of MB Financial preferred stock, as of the record date, present in person or represented by proxy,
will constitute a quorum for purposes of the matters being voted on by the preferred stockholders.

 
Q: WHAT VOTE IS REQUIRED TO APPROVE EACH PROPOSAL AT THE SPECIAL MEETING?
 

A: Preferred Stockholder Merger Proposal: The affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of MB Financial
preferred stock as of the record date is required to approve the preferred stockholder merger proposal.

Common Stockholder Merger Proposal: The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of MB Financial common
stock as of the record date and entitled to vote thereon is required to approve the common stockholder merger proposal.

Charter Amendment Proposal: The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of MB Financial common stock as of
the record date and entitled to vote thereon is required to approve the charter amendment proposal.

Merger-Related Compensation Proposal: The affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast by the holders of MB Financial common stock on the
merger-related compensation proposal is required to approve the merger-related compensation proposal. The merger-related compensation
proposal is an advisory vote, and therefore is not binding on MB Financial or on Fifth Third or the Boards of Directors or the compensation
committees of MB Financial or Fifth Third. Since compensation and benefits to be paid or provided in connection with the merger are based on
contractual arrangements with the named executive officers, the outcome of this advisory vote will not affect the obligation to make these
payments. MB Financial is seeking this non-binding advisory stockholder approval pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer
Protection Act of 2010 and Rule 14a-21(c) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (which we refer to as the “Exchange Act”),
which requires MB Financial to provide its common stockholders with the opportunity to vote to approve, on a non-binding, advisory basis, the
compensation that may be paid or become payable to MB Financial’s named executive officers in connection with the

 
4



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 15/219

Table of Contents

merger. The merger-related compensation proposal gives MB Financial common stockholders the opportunity to express their views on the
merger-related compensation of MB Financial’s named executive officers. MB Financial’s common stockholders are not required to approve the
merger-related compensation proposal in order for the merger to occur. If MB Financial’s common stockholders fail to approve the merger-related
compensation proposal, but approve the common stockholder merger proposal and, in the event the MB Financial preferred stockholders fail to
approve the preferred stockholder merger proposal, the charter amendment proposal, the merger may nonetheless occur.

Preferred Stockholder Adjournment Proposal: The affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast by the holders of MB Financial preferred stock
on the preferred stockholder adjournment proposal is required to approve the preferred stockholder adjournment proposal.

Common Stockholder Adjournment Proposal: The affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast by the holders of MB Financial common stock
on the common stockholder adjournment proposal is required to approve the common stockholder adjournment proposal.

 
Q: WHAT DO I NEED TO DO NOW?
 

A: After carefully reading and considering the information contained in this proxy statement/prospectus, please vote your shares of MB Financial
common stock or depositary shares representing interests in MB Financial preferred stock as soon as possible. Please follow the instructions set
forth on the enclosed proxy card if you are the record holder of your shares or on the voting instruction form provided by your broker, bank or
other nominee if your shares or depositary shares are held in the name of your broker, bank or other nominee.

 
Q: HOW DO I VOTE?
 

A: If, as of the record date, you hold shares of MB Financial common stock in your name as a stockholder of record, you may use one of the
following voting methods:

 

 •  use the toll-free number shown on your proxy card;
 

 •  visit the website shown on your proxy card to vote via the Internet; or
 

 •  complete, sign, date and return the enclosed proxy card in the enclosed postage-paid envelope.

If you are a holder of record of MB Financial common stock as of the record date, you may also cast your vote in person at the special meeting.
While holders of depositary shares representing MB Financial preferred stock may attend the special meeting, they may not vote such depositary
shares in person at the special meeting; such depositary shares may only be voted by providing voting instructions to the depositary, and the
depositary will vote the shares of MB Financial preferred stock represented thereby in accordance with such instructions.

If your shares or depositary shares are held in “street name” through a broker, bank or other nominee, your broker, bank or other nominee will
send you separate instructions describing the procedure for voting your shares or depositary shares. Please refer to the voting instruction form for
the applicable deadline for voting your shares or depositary shares. Holders of MB Financial common stock in “street name” who wish to vote in
person at the special meeting will need to obtain a proxy form from their broker, bank or other nominee.

 
Q: HOW DOES THE MB FINANCIAL BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMEND THAT I VOTE?
 

A: The MB Financial Board of Directors recommends that holders of MB Financial common stock vote “FOR” the common stockholder merger
proposal, “FOR” the charter amendment proposal, “FOR” the merger-related compensation proposal and “FOR” the common stockholder
adjournment proposal (if necessary or appropriate), and recommends that holders of MB Financial preferred stock vote “FOR” the preferred
stockholder merger proposal and “FOR” the preferred stockholder adjournment proposal (if necessary or appropriate).

 
5



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 16/219

Table of Contents

Q: WHEN AND WHERE IS THE SPECIAL MEETING?
 

A: The special meeting of MB Financial stockholders will be held on September 18, 2018, at 8:30 a.m. local time, at 6111 North River Road,
Rosemont, Illinois 60018.

 
Q: IF MY SHARES OR DEPOSITARY SHARES ARE HELD IN “STREET NAME” BY A BROKER, BANK OR OTHER NOMINEE,

WILL MY BROKER, BANK OR OTHER NOMINEE VOTE MY SHARES OR DEPOSITARY SHARES FOR ME?
 

A: If you hold shares of MB Financial common stock, or depositary shares representing interests in MB Financial preferred stock, in “street name”
through a broker, bank or other holder of record, you must provide the record holder of your shares or depositary shares with instructions on how
to vote your shares or depositary shares. Please follow the voting instructions provided by the broker or bank. You may not vote shares held in
street name by returning a proxy card directly to MB Financial or by voting in person at the special meeting unless you provide a “legal proxy,”
which you must obtain from your broker, bank or other nominee. Further, brokers, banks or other nominees who hold shares of MB Financial
stock on behalf of their customers may not give a proxy to MB Financial to vote those shares with respect to any of the proposals without specific
instructions from their customers, as brokers, banks and other nominees do not have discretionary voting power on these matters. Therefore, if you
hold shares of MB Financial common stock, or depositary shares representing interests in MB Financial preferred stock, in street name and do not
instruct your broker, bank or other nominee on how to vote your shares or depositary shares, your broker, bank or other nominee will not vote your
shares or depositary shares on any proposal on which you are entitled to vote. In the case of the preferred stockholder merger proposal, the
common stockholder merger proposal or the charter amendment proposal, this will have the same effect as a vote cast “AGAINST” the proposal.
In the case of the merger-related compensation proposal, the common stockholder adjournment proposal or the preferred stockholder adjournment
proposal, this will have no effect on the proposal.

 
Q: WHAT IF I HOLD SHARES OF MB FINANCIAL COMMON STOCK THROUGH THE MB FINANCIAL 401(k) PROFIT SHARING

PLAN?
 

A: If you hold shares of MB Financial common stock through the MB Financial 401(k) profit sharing plan, you are entitled to instruct the plan trustee
on how to vote the shares allocated to your plan account. Plan shares for which voting instructions are not received, or are not timely received, by
the plan trustee will be voted in the same proportion as the shares for which timely voting instructions are received by the plan trustee. Refer to the
voting instructions form for your plan shares for additional information, including the deadline for submitting your voting instructions.

 
Q: WHAT IF I ATTEND THE SPECIAL MEETING AND ABSTAIN OR DO NOT VOTE?
 

A: For purposes of the special meeting, an abstention occurs when an MB Financial stockholder attends the MB Financial special meeting, either in
person or by proxy, but abstains from voting.

 

 
•  For the preferred stockholder merger proposal, the common stockholder merger proposal and the charter amendment proposal, an abstention

or failure to vote will have the same effect as a vote cast “AGAINST” such proposals.
 

 
•  For the merger-related compensation proposal, the common stockholder adjournment proposal and the preferred stockholder adjournment

proposal, an abstention or failure to vote will have no effect on the outcome of the vote. For each of these proposals, abstentions are not
treated as votes cast and will have no effect on the outcome of the vote, though abstentions are counted towards establishing a quorum.

 
6



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 17/219

Table of Contents

Q: WHAT WILL HAPPEN IF I RETURN MY PROXY CARD WITHOUT INDICATING HOW TO VOTE?
 

A: If you are a holder of record of MB Financial common stock and sign and return your proxy card without indicating how to vote on any particular
proposal, the shares represented by your proxy will be voted as recommended by the MB Financial Board of Directors with respect to that
proposal.

 
Q: MAY I CHANGE MY VOTE AFTER I HAVE DELIVERED MY PROXY CARD?
 

A: If you are a holder of record of MB Financial common stock and have submitted your proxy and would like to revoke your proxy, you may do so
before your shares are voted at the special meeting by: (i) filing a notice with the Corporate Secretary of MB Financial revoking your proxy,
(ii) filing a new, subsequently dated proxy card (whether by proxy card, online or by telephone) or (iii) by attending the special meeting and voting
your shares in person. Your presence at the special meeting alone will not revoke your proxy. If you have instructed a broker, bank or other
nominee to vote your shares or depositary shares, you must follow the directions you receive from your broker, bank or other nominee in order to
change or revoke your vote.

Unless so revoked, the shares and depositary shares represented by such proxies and voting instructions will be voted at the special meeting and
all adjournments or postponements of the special meeting.

 
Q: ARE MB FINANCIAL STOCKHOLDERS ENTITLED TO APPRAISAL RIGHTS?
 

A: No, MB Financial common stockholders and MB Financial preferred stockholders are not entitled to appraisal rights under the Maryland General
Corporation Law.

 
Q: WHAT ARE THE MATERIAL UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER TO MB

FINANCIAL STOCKHOLDERS?

The obligation of Fifth Third and MB Financial to complete the merger is conditioned upon the receipt of legal opinions from their respective
counsel to the effect that the merger will qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.

If the merger qualifies as a reorganization for United States federal income tax purposes, (1) U.S. holders of MB Financial common stock who
receive a combination of Fifth Third common shares and cash, other than cash instead of a fractional Fifth Third common share, in exchange for
their MB Financial common stock, will recognize gain (but not loss) in an amount equal to the lesser of (x) the amount by which the sum of the
fair market value of the Fifth Third common shares and cash (other than cash received instead of a fractional Fifth Third common share) received
by such holder in exchange for its shares of MB Financial common stock exceeds the holder’s adjusted basis in its shares of MB Financial
common stock, and (y) the amount of cash (other than cash received instead of fractional Fifth Third common shares) received by such holder in
exchange for its shares of MB Financial common stock; and (2) U.S. holders of MB Financial preferred stock who either receive solely new Fifth
Third preferred stock in the merger or who will not convert their shares into Fifth Third preferred stock pursuant to the alternative merger and will
remain holders of MB Financial preferred stock (including the receipt of voting rights prior to the alternative merger) will not recognize any gain
or loss. Generally, any gain recognized upon the exchange will be capital gain, and any such capital gain will be long-term capital gain if the
holding period for such shares of MB Financial common stock is more than one year. Depending on certain facts specific to you, gain could
instead be characterized as ordinary dividend income.

For a more detailed discussion of the material United States federal income tax consequences of the transaction, see “Material United States
Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger” beginning on page 99.

 
7



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 18/219

Table of Contents

The consequences of such merger to any particular stockholder will depend on that stockholder’s particular facts and circumstances. Accordingly,
you are urged to consult your tax advisor to determine your tax consequences from the merger.

 
Q: WHAT HAPPENS IF THE MERGER IS NOT COMPLETED?
 

A: If the merger is not completed, MB Financial stockholders will not receive any consideration for their shares of MB Financial common stock and
will not receive shares of new Fifth Third preferred stock for their shares of MB Financial preferred stock in connection with the merger. Instead,
MB Financial will remain an independent public company and its common stock and the depositary shares representing interests in its preferred
stock will continue to be listed and traded on the NASDAQ. Under specified circumstances, MB Financial may be required to pay to Fifth Third a
fee with respect to the termination of the merger agreement. See “The Merger Agreement—Termination; Termination Fee” beginning on page 96.

 
Q: SHOULD MB FINANCIAL STOCKHOLDERS SEND IN THEIR STOCK CERTIFICATES NOW?
 

A: No. MB Financial stockholders SHOULD NOT send in any stock certificates now. If the merger is approved, transmittal materials, with
instructions for their completion, will be provided under separate cover to MB Financial stockholders who hold physical stock certificates and the
stock certificates should be sent at that time in accordance with such instructions.

 
Q: WHOM SHOULD I CONTACT IF I HAVE ANY QUESTIONS ABOUT THE PROXY MATERIALS OR VOTING?
 

A: If you have any questions about the proxy materials or if you need assistance submitting your proxy or voting your shares or need additional
copies of this proxy statement/prospectus or the enclosed proxy card, you should contact D.F. King, the proxy solicitation agent for MB Financial,
toll-free at (800) 431-9645.

 
8



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 19/219

Table of Contents

SUMMARY

This summary highlights selected information included in this proxy statement/prospectus and does not contain all of the information that may be
important to you. You should read this entire document and its appendices and the other documents to which we refer before you decide how to
vote. In addition, we incorporate by reference important business and financial information about MB Financial and Fifth Third into this proxy
statement/prospectus. See “Where You Can Find More Information” in the forepart of this proxy statement/prospectus and “Incorporation of
Certain Documents by Reference” beginning on page 133. Each item in this summary includes a page reference directing you to a more complete
description of that item.

The Merger and the Merger Agreement (page 84)

The terms and conditions of the merger are contained in the merger agreement, which is attached as Appendix A to this proxy
statement/prospectus. We encourage you to read the merger agreement carefully, as it is the legal document that governs the merger.

If the direct merger is approved by MB Financial’s common stockholders and preferred stockholders and the direct merger is subsequently
completed, MB Financial will merge with and into Intermediary, with Intermediary surviving the merger.

If the MB Financial preferred stockholders do not approve the direct merger, but the alternative merger and charter amendment are approved by the
holders of MB Financial common stock, then the acquisition of MB Financial will instead be effected by the merger of a newly-formed subsidiary
of Fifth Third with and into MB Financial, with MB Financial surviving the alternative merger. Only if the direct merger is not approved by the
MB Financial preferred stockholders will the alternative merger occur instead of the direct merger, if the applicable common stockholder approvals
for the alternative merger and charter amendment are obtained.

Merger Consideration (page 84)

Each share of MB Financial common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the merger (other than shares owned
by MB Financial or Fifth Third), will be converted into the right to receive 1.45 Fifth Third common shares (which we refer to as the “exchange
ratio”) and $5.54 in cash.

In the direct merger, each share of MB Financial preferred stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the direct merger
will automatically be converted into a share of new Fifth Third preferred stock with the terms as set forth on Appendix D. In the alternative merger,
the MB Financial preferred stock will not be converted into a share of the new Fifth Third preferred stock and will instead remain outstanding and
unchanged as preferred stock of MB Financial, which will be a subsidiary of Fifth Third, except that the holders of MB preferred stock will have
the right to vote with the MB Financial common stockholders as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of such common stockholders.
Upon completion of the alternative merger, MB Financial will be a subsidiary of Fifth Third, who will control MB Financial. MB Financial
preferred stockholders will vote with Fifth Third as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of Fifth Third, as the sole common stockholder
of MB Financial following completion of the alternative merger. Thus, the voting rights that would be conferred upon the MB Financial preferred
stockholders by the charter amendment would continue to apply with respect to MB Financial, and not Fifth Third, following completion of the
alternative merger.

At or promptly following the closing of the merger, Fifth Third expects to take the necessary steps to delist the depositary shares representing
interests in MB Financial preferred stock from the NASDAQ and terminate MB Financial’s registration and reporting obligations with the SEC, so
that MB Financial’s depositary shares will no longer trade on the NASDAQ or any other securities exchange and MB Financial will no longer file
reports or other public disclosure with the SEC under the Exchange Act.

 
9



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 20/219

Table of Contents

The following table shows the closing sales prices of MB Financial common stock and Fifth Third common shares as reported on the NASDAQ on
May 18, 2018, the last full trading day before the public announcement of the signing of the merger agreement and on August 1, 2018, the last
practicable trading date before the date of this proxy statement/prospectus. This table also shows the implied value of the merger consideration per
share of MB Financial common stock, calculated by multiplying the closing sales prices of Fifth Third common stock on those dates by the
exchange ratio of 1.45 Fifth Third common shares per share of MB Financial common stock and then adding the cash consideration of $5.54. The
value of the merger consideration that you will receive for each share of MB Financial common stock will depend on the price per share of Fifth
Third common shares at the time you receive the Fifth Third common shares. Therefore, the value of the merger consideration may be different
than its estimated value based on the current price of Fifth Third common shares or the price of Fifth Third common shares at the time of the
special meeting.
 

   

Fifth Third
Common

Stock    

MB Financial
Common

Stock    
Cash

Consideration   

Implied
Value of

One Share
of

MB Financial
Common

Stock  
May 18, 2018   $ 33.56   $ 43.65   $ 5.54   $ 54.20 
August 1, 2018   $ 29.78   $ 48.60   $ 5.54   $ 48.72 

Recommendation of the MB Financial Board of Directors (page 54)

The MB Financial Board of Directors has determined that the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement are
advisable and in the best interests of MB Financial and its stockholders, and approved the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated
thereby. The MB Financial Board of Directors recommends that holders of MB Financial common stock vote “FOR” the common stockholder
merger proposal, “FOR” the charter amendment proposal, “FOR” the merger-related compensation proposal and “FOR” the common stockholder
adjournment proposal (if necessary or appropriate), and recommends that holders of MB Financial preferred stock vote “FOR” the preferred
stockholder merger proposal and “FOR” the preferred stockholder adjournment proposal (if necessary or appropriate). See “The Merger—
Recommendation of the MB Financial Board of Directors and Reasons for the Merger,” beginning on page  54.

Opinion of MB Financial’s Financial Advisor (page 59)

At the May 20, 2018 meeting at which the MB Financial Board of Directors considered the merger agreement, Sandler O’Neill & Partners, L.P.
(which we refer to as “Sandler O’Neill”), delivered to the MB Financial Board of Directors its oral opinion, which was subsequently confirmed in
writing on May 20, 2018 that, as of such date, subject to procedures followed, assumptions made, matters considered and qualifications and
limitations described in Sandler O’Neill’s opinion, the merger consideration was fair to holders of MB Financial common stock from a financial
point of view.

The full text of Sandler O’Neill’s opinion is attached as Appendix B to this proxy statement/prospectus. The opinion outlines the
procedures followed, assumptions made, matters considered and qualifications and limitations on the review undertaken by Sandler
O’Neill in rendering its opinion.

Holders of MB Financial common stock are urged to read the entire opinion carefully in connection with their consideration of the
proposed transaction.

Sandler O’Neill’s opinion speaks only as of the date of the opinion. The opinion was directed to the MB Financial Board of Directors and
does not constitute a recommendation to any stockholder of MB

 
10



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 21/219

Table of Contents

Financial as to how such stockholder should vote at any meeting of stockholders called to consider and vote upon approval of the merger.
Sandler O’Neill’s opinion was directed only to the fairness of the merger consideration to holders of MB Financial common stock from a
financial point of view and did not address the underlying business decision of MB Financial to engage in the merger, the form or structure
of the merger, the relative merits of the merger as compared to any other alternative transactions or business strategies that might exist for
MB Financial or the effect of any other transaction in which MB Financial might engage.

For further information, please see the section entitled “The Merger—Opinion of MB Financial’s Financial Advisor” beginning on page 59.

MB Financial Special Meeting of Stockholders (page 35)

The special meeting of MB Financial stockholders will be held on September 18, 2018, at 8:30 a.m. local time, at MB Financial Center, 6111 North
River Road, Rosemont, Illinois 60018.

The special meeting is being held for the following purposes:
 

 
•  for the holders of MB Financial preferred stock to approve the direct merger (which we refer to as the “preferred stockholder merger

proposal”);
 

 
•  for the holders of MB Financial common stock to approve the merger (whether effected as the direct merger or, in the event the

preferred stockholders do not approve the preferred stockholder merger proposal, as the alternative merger) (which we refer to as the
“common stockholder merger proposal”);

 

 

•  for the holders of MB Financial common stock to approve an amendment to the charter of MB Financial and the articles supplementary
to the charter of MB Financial relating to the MB Financial preferred stock that would give the holders of MB Financial preferred stock
the right to vote with the holders of MB Financial common stock as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of such common
stockholders, to become effective immediately prior to the consummation of the alternative merger in the event the holders of MB
Financial preferred stock do not approve the preferred stockholder merger proposal (which we refer to as the “charter amendment
proposal”);

 

 

•  for the holders of MB Financial common stock to approve, on a non-binding, advisory basis, the compensation to be paid to MB
Financial’s named executive officers that is based on or otherwise relates to the merger, discussed under the section entitled “The
Merger—Interests of MB Financial Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger” beginning on page 70 (which we refer to as the
“merger-related compensation proposal”);

 

 
•  for the holders of MB Financial preferred stock to approve one or more adjournments of the special meeting, if necessary or appropriate

to permit further solicitation of proxies from the holders of MB Financial preferred stock in favor of the preferred stockholder merger
proposal (which we refer to as the “preferred stockholder adjournment proposal”); and

 

 
•  for the holders of MB Financial common stock to approve one or more adjournments of the special meeting, if necessary or appropriate

to permit further solicitation of proxies from the holders of MB Financial common stock in favor of the common stockholder merger
proposal and/or the charter amendment proposal (which we refer to as the “common stockholder adjournment proposal).

The MB Financial Board of Directors has fixed the close of business on August 1, 2018 as the record date for determining the holders of MB
Financial common stock and the holders of MB Financial preferred stock entitled to receive notice of and to vote at the special meeting.

 
11



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 22/219

Table of Contents

As of the record date, there were 84,420,704 shares of MB Financial common stock outstanding and entitled to vote at the MB Financial special
meeting held by 1,366 holders of record. Each share of MB Financial common stock entitles the holder thereof as of the record date to one vote at
the special meeting on each proposal to be considered at the special meeting by the common stockholders, provided, however, that pursuant to
Section F of Article 5 of MB Financial’s charter, no person who beneficially owns more than 14.9% of the shares of MB Financial common stock
outstanding as of the record date may vote shares in excess of this limit.

As of the record date, there were 200,000 shares of MB Financial preferred stock outstanding, all of which were held by Computershare Inc. and
Computershare Trust Company N.A. (which we refer to collectively as the “depositary”), on behalf of the holders of depositary shares each
representing a 1/40th interest in a share of MB Financial preferred stock. Under the terms of the deposit agreement among MB Financial, the
depositary and the holders from time to time of the depositary receipts evidencing the depositary shares, the depositary is required to vote the MB
Financial preferred stock in accordance with the instructions of the holders of the depositary shares. Where we refer to “holders of MB Financial
preferred stock” or “MB Financial preferred stockholders,” this includes holders of the depositary shares unless the context indicates otherwise.

As of the record date, the directors and executive officers of MB Financial and their affiliates beneficially owned and were entitled to vote
1,866,405 shares of MB Financial common stock, representing approximately 2.2% of the shares of MB Financial common stock outstanding on
that date. MB Financial currently expects that its directors and executive officers will vote their shares of MB Financial common stock in favor of
the common stockholder merger proposal, the charter amendment proposal, the merger-related compensation proposal and the common stockholder
adjournment proposal (if necessary or appropriate), although none of them has entered into any agreements obligating them to do so. As of the
record date, none of the directors and executive officers of MB Financial and their affiliates beneficially owned any depositary shares representing
interests in MB Financial preferred stock. As of the record date, excluding shares held in a fiduciary or agency capacity, neither Fifth Third nor any
of its directors and executive officers and their affiliates beneficially owned any shares of MB Financial common stock or depositary shares
representing interests in MB Financial preferred stock.

The holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of MB Financial common stock, present in person or represented by proxy, will constitute a
quorum for purposes of the matters being voted upon by the common stockholders. The holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of MB
Financial preferred stock, present in person or represented by proxy, will constitute a quorum for purposes of the matters being voted upon by the
preferred stockholders.

The affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of MB Financial preferred stock is required to approve the
preferred stockholder merger proposal. The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of MB Financial common stock
entitled to vote thereon is required to approve each of the common stockholder merger proposal and the charter amendment proposal. The
affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast by the holders of MB Financial common stock is required to approve, on a non-binding, advisory
basis, the merger-related compensation proposal and the common stockholder adjournment proposal. The affirmative vote of a majority of the votes
cast by the holders of MB Financial preferred stock is required to approve the preferred stockholder adjournment proposal.

The merger cannot be completed unless MB Financial common stockholders approve the common stockholder merger proposal and, if the MB
Financial preferred stockholders fail to approve the preferred stockholder merger proposal, the charter amendment proposal. Therefore, it is
essential that MB Financial common stockholders approve both the common stockholder merger proposal and the charter amendment
proposal to ensure the merger can be completed in the event the MB Financial preferred stockholders fail to approve the preferred stockholder
merger proposal. If MB Financial’s common stockholders fail to approve the merger-related compensation proposal or the common stockholder
adjournment proposal, or if MB Financial’s preferred

 
12



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 23/219

Table of Contents

stockholders fail to approve the preferred stockholder adjournment proposal, the merger may nonetheless occur provided that MB Financial’s
common stockholders approve the common stockholder merger proposal and, in the event the MB Financial preferred stockholders fail to approve
the preferred stockholder merger proposal, the charter amendment proposal.

MB Financial’s Directors and Executive Officers Have Financial Interests in the Merger (page 70)

Certain of MB Financial’s executive officers and directors have financial interests in the merger that are different from, or in addition to, the
interests of MB Financial’s stockholders. The members of the MB Financial Board of Directors were aware of and considered these interests,
among other matters, when they approved the merger agreement and recommended that MB Financial preferred stockholders approve the preferred
stockholder merger proposal and that MB Financial common stockholders approve the common stockholder merger proposal and the charter
amendment proposal. See “The Merger—Interests of MB Financial Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger” beginning on page 70.

Treatment of MB Financial Stock Options and Other Equity Awards (page 85)

In connection with the merger, each outstanding equity-based award granted under the equity incentive plans of MB Financial will either be
assumed by Fifth Third or, to the extent not assumed, converted into the right to receive merger consideration. Specifically, all outstanding options
to purchase shares of MB Financial common stock, as well as all restricted stock awards, restricted stock unit awards and performance share unit
awards, in each case, that do not automatically vest by the terms of such award, will be assumed by Fifth Third, and adjusted as follows.

Treatment of MB Financial Stock Option Awards. Assumed options will be adjusted so as to represent the right to acquire a number of Fifth Third
common shares (rounded down to the nearest whole share) equal to the product of (i) the number of shares of MB Financial common stock subject
to such assumed option immediately prior to the effective time multiplied by (ii) the sum of (a) the exchange ratio and (b) $5.54 divided by the
average of the closing-sale prices of Fifth Third common shares on the NASDAQ as reported by The Wall Street Journal for the five full trading
days ending the trading day immediately preceding the closing date (we refer to such sum as the “Fifth Third equity award exchange ratio”), at an
exercise price per Fifth Third common share (rounded up to the nearest whole cent) equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the exercise price
per share of MB Financial common stock of such MB Financial stock option by (y) the Fifth Third equity award exchange ratio. The assumed
options will otherwise remain subject to the same terms and conditions (including, without limitation, vesting conditions) as were applicable to
such option prior to assumption.

Treatment of MB Financial Restricted Stock Awards, Restricted Stock Unit Awards, and Performance Share Unit Awards. Assumed restricted stock
awards, restricted stock unit awards, and performance share unit awards will be adjusted so that the holder of such award will be entitled to receive,
upon vesting, a number of Fifth Third common shares based upon the product of (a) the number of shares of MB Financial common stock
underlying such award multiplied by (b) the Fifth Third equity award exchange ratio, rounded, as applicable, to the nearest whole share (with 0.50
being rounded upward). The assumed restricted stock awards, restricted stock unit awards, and performance share unit awards shall otherwise be
subject to the same terms and conditions (including, without limitation, vesting conditions and cash dividend equivalents), as were applicable to
such awards prior to the assumption.

Treatment of Other MB Financial Equity Awards. Each MB Financial equity-based award that is not assumed and adjusted under the merger
agreement (in accordance with the terms set forth above) will be cancelled and converted automatically into the right to receive merger
consideration.

 
13



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 24/219

Table of Contents

Treatment of MB Financial’s Stock Deferred Compensation Plan. Each share of MB Financial common stock outstanding under the MB Financial
Stock Deferred Compensation Plan will be deemed cancelled and converted into the right to receive the merger consideration; payment of such
amount will otherwise remain subject to the terms and conditions of such plan.

Regulatory Approvals Required for the Merger (page 79)

Completion of the merger is subject to various regulatory approvals, including approval from the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve
System (which we refer to as the “Federal Reserve Board”). Notifications and/or applications requesting approval for the merger, or other
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, may also be submitted to other federal and state regulatory authorities and self-regulatory
organizations. Fifth Third and MB Financial have agreed to use their reasonable best efforts to obtain all required regulatory approvals. We have
filed, or are in the process of filing, notices and applications to obtain the necessary regulatory approvals. Although we currently believe we should
be able to obtain all required regulatory approvals in a timely manner, we cannot be certain when or if we will obtain them or, if obtained, whether
they will contain terms, conditions or restrictions not currently contemplated that will be detrimental to Fifth Third or its subsidiaries after the
completion of the merger, or will contain any condition or restriction that would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on Fifth
Third and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, after giving effect to the merger (measured on a scale relative to MB Financial and its subsidiaries,
taken as a whole) (which we refer to as a “materially burdensome regulatory condition”). The regulatory approvals to which completion of the
merger are subject are described in more detail in the section of this proxy statement/prospectus entitled “Regulatory Approvals Required for the
Merger” beginning on page 79.

Appraisal Rights (page 126)

Under the Maryland General Corporation Law, the holders of MB Financial common stock and preferred stock will not have any appraisal rights
with respect to the merger. For more information, please see “The Merger—Conversion of Shares; Exchange and Payment Procedures—Dissenting
Shares”.

Conditions to the Merger (page 95)

The obligations of Fifth Third and MB Financial to complete the merger are each subject to the satisfaction (or waiver, if permitted) of the
following conditions:
 

 •  receipt of the requisite approval of the MB Financial common stockholders of the merger and the charter amendment;
 

 •  approval for the listing on the NASDAQ of the Fifth Third common shares to be issued in connection with the merger;
 

 
•  the effectiveness of the registration statement on Form S-4, of which this proxy statement/prospectus is a part, and the absence of a stop

order or proceeding initiated or threatened by the SEC for that purpose;
 

 
•  the receipt of all required regulatory approvals which are necessary to consummate the transactions contemplated by the merger

agreement and the expiration of all statutory waiting periods without the imposition of a materially burdensome regulatory condition;
 

 
•  the absence of any order, injunction, decree, statute, rule, regulation or other legal restraint or prohibition preventing the consummation

of, or which prohibits or makes illegal the consummation of, the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement;

 
14



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 25/219

Table of Contents

 
•  the accuracy of the other party’s representations and warranties as of the date of the merger agreement and as of the closing date of the

merger, other than, in most cases, those failures to be true and correct that would not reasonably be likely to have a material adverse
effect on the other party;

 

 
•  the prior performance in all material respects by the other party of the obligations required to be performed by it at or prior to the

closing date of the merger; and
 

 •  receipt by each party of an opinion from its counsel as to certain tax matters.

No Solicitation (page 91)

Under the terms of the merger agreement, MB Financial has agreed not to initiate, solicit, knowingly encourage or knowingly facilitate inquiries or
proposals with respect to, or engage or participate in any negotiations concerning, or provide any confidential or nonpublic information or data to,
or have or participate in any discussions with any person relating to, or enter into any binding acquisition agreement, merger agreement or other
definitive transaction agreement (other than a confidentiality agreement described in this paragraph) relating to, any acquisition proposal.
Notwithstanding these restrictions, the merger agreement provides that, under specified circumstances, in response to an unsolicited bona fide
written acquisition proposal which, in the good faith judgment of the MB Financial Board of Directors (after receiving the advice of its outside
counsel and financial advisors), is or is more likely than not to result in a proposal which is superior to the merger with Fifth Third, if the MB
Financial Board of Directors determines in good faith (after receiving the advice of its outside counsel and financial advisors) that failure to take
such actions would more likely than not result in a violation of its fiduciary duties under applicable law, MB Financial may furnish nonpublic
information or data regarding MB Financial and participate in discussions or negotiations with such third party, provided that prior to providing any
such nonpublic information or data, MB Financial will have provided such information to Fifth Third and entered into a confidentiality agreement
with such third party on terms no less favorable to it than the confidentiality agreement between MB Financial and Fifth Third, which
confidentiality agreement will not provide such third party with any exclusive right to negotiate with MB Financial.

Termination; Termination Fee (page 96)

The merger agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the effective time of the merger, whether before or after approval of the merger by
MB Financial’s stockholders:
 

 •  by mutual written consent of Fifth Third and MB Financial;
 

 

•  by either Fifth Third or MB Financial, if a required regulatory approval is denied by final, non-appealable action, or if a governmental
entity has issued a final, non-appealable order permanently enjoining or otherwise prohibiting or making illegal the closing of the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, unless the failure to obtain a required regulatory approval is due to the failure of
the party seeking to terminate the merger agreement to perform or observe the covenants and agreements of such party set forth in the
agreement;

 

 

•  by either Fifth Third or MB Financial, if the merger has not closed by the close of business on May 20, 2019 (which we refer to as the
“termination date”), unless the failure to close by the termination date is due to the failure of the party seeking to terminate the merger
agreement to perform or observe the covenants and agreements of such party set forth in the agreement, provided that if on the
termination date all other closing conditions are satisfied other than receipt of required regulatory approvals, then the termination date
may be extended for three months at the option of either Fifth Third or MB Financial;

 

 
•  by either Fifth Third or MB Financial, if there is a breach by the other party that would, individually or in the aggregate with other

breaches by such party, result in the failure of a closing condition, unless

 
15



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 26/219

Table of Contents

 
the breach is cured by the earlier of the termination date and 45 days following written notice of the breach (provided that the
terminating party is not then in material breach of the merger agreement); or

 

 

•  by Fifth Third, if, (i) prior to the approval by the MB Financial common stockholders of the merger and charter amendment, which we
refer to as the “MB Financial stockholder matters”, the MB Financial Board of Directors (A) submits the MB Financial stockholder
matters to its stockholders without a recommendation for approval, or otherwise withdraws or materially and adversely modifies its
recommendation for approval (or publicly discloses an intention to do so), or recommends to its stockholders an acquisition proposal
other than the merger, or (B) materially breaches its obligation to call a stockholder meeting and recommend to its stockholders, in
accordance with the terms of the merger agreement, the approval of the MB Financial stockholder matters or to refrain from soliciting
alternative acquisition proposals or (ii) a tender offer or exchange offer for 25% or more of MB Financial’s outstanding shares of
common stock is commenced (other than by Fifth Third or its subsidiaries) and the MB Financial Board of Directors recommends that
MB Financial’s stockholders tender or exchange their shares (or fails to recommend a rejection of such tender or exchange offer within
ten business days).

MB Financial may be required to pay Fifth Third a termination fee of $151.2 million in certain circumstances. See “The Merger Agreement—
Termination; Termination Fee” beginning on page 96.

The Rights of MB Financial Stockholders Will Change as a Result of the Merger (page 104)

The rights of MB Financial stockholders will change as a result of the merger. The rights of MB Financial stockholders are governed by Maryland
law and by MB Financial’s charter and bylaws. Upon completion of the merger, MB Financial common stockholders will become common
shareholders of Fifth Third, and their rights will be governed by Ohio law and Fifth Third’s articles of incorporation and code of regulations. For
more information, see “Comparison of Stockholders’ Rights” beginning on page 104.

If the merger is completed through the direct merger, which will be the case if the preferred stockholder merger proposal is approved by the holders
of MB Financial preferred stock and the common stockholder merger proposal is approved by the holders of MB Financial common stock, each
share of MB Financial preferred stock will be converted into the right to receive one share of new Fifth Third preferred stock. The new Fifth Third
preferred stock will have substantially the same terms as the MB Financial preferred stock, except that the Fifth Third preferred stock will have no
voting rights (including upon an arrearage in the payment of dividends) except as required by Ohio law and will have certain other differences
consistent with Fifth Third’s currently outstanding series of preferred stock and its articles of incorporation. For more information, see “Description
of Fifth Third Capital Stock” beginning on page 118.

If the merger is completed through the alternative merger, which will be the case if the preferred stockholder merger proposal is not approved by
the holders of MB Financial preferred stock and the holders of MB Financial common stock approve both the common stockholder merger
proposal and the charter amendment proposal, the MB Financial preferred stock will not be converted into a share of new Fifth Third preferred
stock and will instead remain outstanding and unchanged (except as modified by the charter amendment) as preferred stock of MB Financial,
which will be a subsidiary of Fifth Third. Upon completion of the alternative merger, Fifth Third will control MB Financial. MB Financial
preferred stockholders will vote with Fifth Third as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of Fifth Third, as the sole common stockholder
of MB Financial following completion of the alternative merger. Thus, the voting rights that would be conferred upon the MB Financial preferred
stockholders by the charter amendment would continue to apply with respect to MB Financial, and not Fifth Third, following completion of the
alternative merger.

 
16



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 27/219

Table of Contents

Risk Factors (page 27)

You should consider all the information contained in or incorporated by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus in deciding how to vote for
the proposals presented in the proxy statement/prospectus. In particular, you should consider the factors described under “Risk Factors” beginning
on page 27.

The Parties (page 44)

Fifth Third Bancorp
38 Fountain Square Plaza
Cincinnati, Ohio 45263
Phone: (800) 972-3030

Fifth Third is an Ohio corporation that is registered as a bank holding company under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended. Fifth
Third was organized in 1975 and serves as the parent holding company for Fifth Third Bank (which we refer to as “Fifth Third Bank”), its principal
subsidiary, through which it provides most of its banking services. As of March 31, 2018, Fifth Third had total assets of $142 billion. Fifth Third
and its subsidiaries had 18,125 full-time equivalent employees as of December 31, 2017.

Fifth Third Financial Corporation
38 Fountain Square Plaza
Cincinnati, Ohio 45263
Phone: (800) 972-3030

Intermediary is an Ohio corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Fifth Third. Intermediary was incorporated in 2001 and serves as the
intermediary holding company for all of Fifth Third’s subsidiaries, including Fifth Third Bank, its principal subsidiary.

MB Financial, Inc.
800 West Madison Street
Chicago, Illinois 60607
Phone: (888) 422-6562

MB Financial is a Maryland corporation and a financial holding company and a bank holding company under the Bank Holding Company Act of
1956, as amended. Its primary market is the Chicago metropolitan area. Through its bank subsidiary, MB Financial Bank, N.A. (which we
sometimes refer to as “MB Financial Bank”), it offers a broad range of financial services, primarily to small and middle market businesses and
individuals in the markets that it serves. As of March 31, 2018, on a consolidated basis, MB Financial had total assets of $20.2 billion, total
deposits of $15.0 billion and stockholders’ equity of $2.9 billion.

 
17



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 28/219

Table of Contents

SELECTED HISTORICAL FINANCIAL DATA FOR MB FINANCIAL

The following table summarizes financial results achieved by MB Financial, Inc. for the periods and at the dates indicated and should be read in
conjunction with MB Financial’s consolidated financial statements and the notes to the consolidated financial statements contained in reports that
MB Financial has previously filed with the SEC. Historical financial information for MB Financial can be found in its Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2018 and its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017. See “Where You Can Find
More Information” in the forepart of this proxy statement/prospectus for instructions on how to obtain the information that has been incorporated
by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus. Financial amounts as of and for the three months ended March 31, 2018 and 2017 are unaudited
(and are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations for the full year or any other interim period), but management of MB Financial
believes that such amounts reflect all adjustments (consisting only of normal recurring adjustments) necessary for a fair presentation of its results of
operations and financial position as of the dates and for the periods indicated. You should not assume the results of operations for past periods and
for the three months ended March 31, 2018 and 2017 indicate results for any future period.
 
  

Three months ended
March 31,   Years ended December 31,  

(dollars in millions, except per share data)      2018          2017      2017   2016   2015   2014   2013  
  (unaudited)                 
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS—FOR THE PERIOD        
Interest income  $ 177  $ 156  $ 672  $ 557  $ 494  $ 375  $ 298 
Interest expense   24   13   70   39   29   24   26 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Net interest income   153   143   602   518   465   351   272 
Provision for credit losses   7   4   22   20   21   12   (6) 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Net interest income after provision for credit losses   146   139   581   498   444   339   278 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Noninterest income   93   92   367   375   322   221   154 
Noninterest expense   168   156   659   620   534   437   295 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Income before income taxes   71   75   289   253   232   123   137 
Applicable income tax expense (benefit)   14   21   (15)   79   73   37   39 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Net income   57   54   304   174   159   86   98 
Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests   —     —     —     —     —     —     —   

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Net income attributable to MB Financial  $ 57  $ 54  $ 304  $ 174  $ 159  $ 86  $ 98 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Net income attributable to MB Financial common
stockholders  $ 69  $ 53  $ 296  $ 166  $ 150  $ 82  $ 98 

PER COMMON SHARE        
Net income attributable to MB Financial common

stockholders  $ 0.82  $ 0.63  $ 3.53  $ 2.16  $ 2.03  $ 1.32  $ 1.81 
Net income attributable to MB Financial common

stockholders—assuming dilution   0.81   0.62   3.49   2.13   2.02   1.31   1.79 
Cash dividends declared per share   0.24   0.19   0.82   0.74   0.65   0.52   0.44 
Book value at period end   32.59   29.83   32.17   29.43   26.77   25.58   24.14 
Dividend payout ratio   29.6%   30.6%   23.5%   34.7%   32.2%   39.7%   24.6% 
Weighted-average common shares outstanding—basic (in

thousands)   84,066   83,662   83,837   76,969   74,178   62,012   54,510 
Weighted-average common shares outstanding—diluted (in

thousands)   84,896   84,778   84,823   77,976   74,849   62,573   54,994 

 
18



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 29/219

Table of Contents

  
Three months ended

March 31,   Years ended December 31,  
(dollars in millions, except per share data)      2018          2017      2017   2016   2015   2014   2013  
  (unaudited)                 

BALANCE SHEET DATA—AT PERIOD END        
Loans and leases, including held for sale  $ 14,497  $ 13,452  $14,515  $13,486  $10,539  $ 9,820  $5,713 
Interest-earning assets   17,290   16,412   17,178   16,494   13,542   12,599   8,334 
Total assets   20,168   19,146   20,087   19,302   15,585   14,602   9,641 
Deposits   14,971   13,999   14,958   14,110   11,505   10,991   7,381 
Long-term debt   851   316   505   312   400   83   62 
MB Financial stockholders’ equity   2,934   2,616   3,010   2,579   2,087   2,028   1,327 
MB Financial common stockholders’ equity   2,740   2,501   2,700   2,464   1,972   1,913   1,327 

PERFORMANCE RATIOS        
Return on average total assets   1.15%   1.16%   1.55%   1.03%   1.07%   0.75%   1.05% 
Return on average common equity   10.3   8.6   11.7   7.7   7.8   5.3   7.6 
Net interest margin (FTE)   3.67   3.69   3.70   3.70   3.81   3.75   3.57 

CAPITAL RATIOS        
MB Financial average stockholders’ equity to average assets   14.85%   13.62%   13.58%   13.45%   13.89%   13.96%   13.82% 
MB Financial average common stockholders’ equity to average assets   13.59   13.01   12.88   12.77   13.11   13.59   13.82 
Tier 1 risk-based capital   10.64   9.54   11.20   9.40   11.54   12.61   15.28 
Total risk-based capital   13.57   11.80   14.23   11.63   12.54   13.62   16.53 
Tier 1 leverage   9.73   8.58   10.02   8.38   10.40   10.47   11.22 

OTHER DATA        
Full-time equivalent employees   3,567   3,494   3,574   3,486   2,980   2,839   1,775 
Branches   86   95   86   96   81   86   85 
 
FTE = Fully taxable-equivalent

 
19



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 30/219

Table of Contents

SELECTED HISTORICAL FINANCIAL DATA FOR FIFTH THIRD

The following table summarizes financial results achieved by Fifth Third for the periods and at the dates indicated and should be read in
conjunction with Fifth Third’s consolidated financial statements and the notes to the consolidated financial statements contained in reports that
Fifth Third has previously filed with the SEC. Historical financial information for Fifth Third can be found in its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
for the quarter ended March 31, 2018 and its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017. See “Where You Can Find More
Information” in the forepart of this proxy statement/prospectus for instructions on how to obtain the information that has been incorporated by
reference into this proxy statement/prospectus. Financial amounts as of and for the three months ended March 31, 2018 and 2017 are unaudited
(and are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations for the full year or any other interim period), but management of Fifth Third believes
that such amounts reflect all adjustments (consisting only of normal recurring adjustments) necessary for a fair presentation of its results of
operations and financial position as of the dates and for the periods indicated. You should not assume the results of operations for past periods and
for the three months ended March 31, 2018 and 2017 indicate results for any future period.
 
  

Three months ended
March 31,   Years ended December 31,  

(dollars in millions, except per share data)  2018   2017   2017   2016   2015   2014   2013  
  (unaudited)                 
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS—FOR THE

PERIOD        
Interest income  $ 1,206  $ 1,086  $ 4,489  $ 4,193  $ 4,028  $ 4,030  $ 3,973 
Interest expense   210   153   691   578   495   451   412 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Net interest income   996   933   3,798   3,615   3,533   3,579   3,561 
Provision for loan and lease losses   23   74   261   343   396   315   229 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Net interest income after provision for loan and lease
losses   973   859   3,537   3,272   3,137   3,264   3,332 

Noninterest income   909   523   3,224   2,696   3,003   2,473   3,227 
Noninterest expense   1,046   986   3,990   3,903   3,775   3,709   3,961 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Income before income taxes   836   396   2,771   2,065   2,365   2,028   2,598 
Applicable income tax expense   132   91   577   505   659   545   772 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Net income   704   305   2,194   1,560   1,706   1,483   1,826 
Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling

interests   —     —     —     (4)   (6)   2   (10) 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Net income attributable to Fifth Third   704   305   2,194   1,564   1,712   1,481   1,836 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Net income attributable to Fifth Third common
shareholders  $ 689  $ 290  $ 2,119  $ 1,489  $ 1,637  $ 1,414  $ 1,799 

PER COMMON SHARE        
Net income attributable to Fifth Third common

shareholders   0.99   0.38   2.88   1.95   2.03   1.68   2.05 
Net income attributable to Fifth Third common

shareholders—assuming dilution   0.97   0.38   2.83   1.93   2.01   1.66   2.02 
Cash dividends declared per share   0.16   0.14   0.60   0.53   0.52   0.51   0.47 
Book value at period end   21.68   20.13   21.67   19.82   18.48   17.35   15.85 
Dividend payout ratio   16.2%   36.8%   20.8%   27.2%   25.6%   30.3%   22.9% 
Weighted-average common shares outstanding—basic

(in thousands)   689,820   747,668   728,289   757,432   798,628   833,116   869,463 
Weighted-average common shares outstanding—

diluted (in thousands)   704,101   760,809   740,691   764,495   807,659   842,967   894,736 

 
20



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 31/219

Table of Contents

  
Three months ended

March 31,   Years ended December 31,  
(dollars in millions, except per share data)  2018   2017   2017   2016   2015   2014   2013  
  (unaudited)                 

BALANCE SHEET DATA—AT PERIOD END        
Loans and leases, including held for sale  $ 92,687  $ 92,244  $ 92,462  $ 92,849  $ 93,485  $ 91,345  $ 89,558 
Interest-earning assets   127,265   126,134   127,921   127,222   125,656   122,214   113,822 
Total assets   141,500   140,200   142,193   142,177   141,082   138,706   130,443 
Deposits   105,461   104,156   103,162   103,821   103,205   101,712   99,275 
Long-term debt   14,800   13,658   14,904   14,388   15,844   14,967   9,633 
Fifth Third common shareholders’ equity   14,853   15,099   15,034   14,874   14,508   14,295   13,555 
Fifth Third shareholders’ equity   16,184   16,430   16,365   16,205   15,839   15,626   14,589 

PERFORMANCE RATIOS        
Return on average total assets   2.02%   0.88%   1.56%   1.10%   1.22%   1.12%   1.48% 
Return on average common equity   18.6   7.8   13.9   9.8   11.3   10.0   13.1 
Net interest margin (FTE)   3.18   3.02   3.03   2.88   2.88   3.10   3.32 

CAPITAL RATIOS        
Fifth Third average shareholders’ equity to average

assets   11.52%   11.72%   11.80%   11.67%   11.33%   11.59%   11.56% 
Fifth Third average common shareholders’ equity to

average assets   10.58   10.77   10.85   10.73   10.38   10.68   11.07 
Tier 1 risk-based capital   11.95   11.90   11.74   11.50   10.93   10.83   10.43 
Total risk-based capital   15.25   15.45   15.16   15.02   14.13   14.33   14.17 
Tier 1 leverage   10.11   10.15   10.01   9.90   9.54   9.66   9.73 

OTHER DATA        
Full-time equivalent employees   18,344   17,763   18,125   17,844   18,261   18,351   19,446 
Branches   1,153   1,155   1,154   1,191   1,254   1,302   1,320 
 
FTE = Fully taxable-equivalent

 
21



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 32/219

Table of Contents

UNAUDITED COMPARATIVE PER COMMON SHARE DATA

The following table sets forth the basic earnings, diluted earnings, cash dividend, and book value per common share data for Fifth Third and MB
Financial on a historical basis and on a pro forma combined basis, for the three months ended March 31, 2018 and the basic earnings, diluted
earnings and cash dividend per common share for the year ended December 31, 2017. The unaudited pro forma data was derived by combining the
historical financial information of Fifth Third and MB Financial using the acquisition method of accounting for business combinations, assumes the
transaction is completed as contemplated and represents a current estimate based on available information of the combined company’s results of
operations. The unaudited pro forma data and equivalent per share information gives effect to the merger as if the transaction had been effective on
the dates presented, in the case of the book value data, and as if the transactions had become effective on January 1, 2017, in the case of the
earnings per share and dividends declared data. The pro forma financial adjustments record the assets and liabilities of MB Financial at their
estimated fair values and are subject to adjustment as additional information becomes available and as additional analysis is performed.

The unaudited pro forma data below should be read in conjunction with Fifth Third’s and MB Financial’s audited financial statements as of and for
the year ended December 31, 2017 and their respective unaudited financial statements as of and for the three months ended March 31, 2018. This
information is presented for illustrative purposes only. You should not rely on the unaudited pro forma data or equivalent amounts presented below
as they are not necessarily indicative of the operating results or financial position that would have occurred if the merger had been completed as of
the dates indicated, nor are they necessarily indicative of the future operating results or financial position of the combined company. The pro forma
information, although helpful in illustrating the financial characteristics of the combined company under one set of assumptions, does not reflect
the benefits of expected cost savings, opportunities to earn additional revenue, the impact of merger- and integration-related costs, or other factors
that may result as a consequence of the merger and, accordingly, does not attempt to predict or suggest future results.
 

   

Fifth
Third

As
Reported   

MB
Financial

As
Reported   

Pro
Forma

Combined
Fifth

Third(a)    

Pro Forma
Equivalent

Per
Share

Information(b) 
For the three months ended March 31, 2018:         
Basic earnings per common share   $ 0.99   $ 0.82   $ 0.92   $ 1.33 
Diluted earnings per common share    0.97    0.81    0.90    1.31 
Cash dividends declared per common share(c)    0.16    0.24    0.16    0.23 
Book value per common share at March 31, 2018(d)    21.68    32.59    22.97    33.30 

For the year ended December 31, 2017:         
Basic earnings per common share   $ 2.88   $ 3.53   $ 2.79   $ 4.04 
Diluted earnings per common share    2.83    3.49    2.74    3.98 
Cash dividends declared per common share(c)    0.60    0.82    0.60    0.87 

 
(a) Pro forma earnings per share are based on pro forma combined net income and pro forma combined weighted-average common shares

outstanding for the period.
(b) Pro forma equivalent per share information is calculated based on pro forma combined multiplied by the exchange ratio of 1.45.
(c) Pro forma dividends per share represent Fifth Third’s historical dividends per common share.
(d) Book value per common share is calculated based on pro forma combined equity and pro forma combined common shares outstanding at the

end of the period.

 
22



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 33/219

Table of Contents

COMPARATIVE PER SHARE MARKET PRICE AND DIVIDEND INFORMATION

The table below sets forth, for the calendar quarters indicated, the high and low sales prices, as well as the dividend paid, per Fifth Third common
share, which trades on the NASDAQ under the symbol “FITB,” and per share of MB Financial common stock, which trades on the NASDAQ
under the symbol “MBFI.”
 
   Fifth Third Common Shares    MB Financial Common Stock  
   High    Low    Dividend   High    Low    Dividend 
2016             

First Quarter   $19.73   $13.84   $ 0.13   $33.62   $27.98   $ 0.17 
Second Quarter    19.34    16.02    0.13    36.71    30.53    0.19 
Third Quarter    21.11    16.26    0.13    39.50    34.88    0.19 
Fourth Quarter    27.88    19.57    0.14    48.06    35.00    0.19 

2017             
First Quarter   $28.97   $24.02   $ 0.14   $48.47   $39.97   $ 0.19 
Second Quarter    26.69    23.20    0.14    45.22    39.20    0.21 
Third Quarter    28.06    24.66    0.16    45.54    38.28    0.21 
Fourth Quarter    31.83    27.38    0.16    47.64    42.39    0.21 

2018             
First Quarter   $34.57   $30.18   $ 0.16   $47.50   $39.15   $ 0.24 
Second Quarter   $34.67   $28.55   $ 0.18   $51.59   $39.68   $ 0.24 
Third Quarter (through August 1, 2018)   $30.28   $28.29    —     $49.35   $46.11    —   

On May 18, 2018, the last trading day before the public announcement of the signing of the merger agreement, the closing sale price per Fifth Third
common share on the NASDAQ was $33.56 and the closing sale price per share of MB Financial common stock on the NASDAQ was $43.65. On
August 1, 2018, the latest practicable trading date before the date of this proxy statement/prospectus, the last sale price per Fifth Third common
share on the NASDAQ was $29.78 and the last sale price per share of MB Financial common stock on the NASDAQ was $48.60.

 
23



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 34/219

Table of Contents

FIFTH THIRD SHARE REPURCHASES

On May 21, 2018, Fifth Third issued a press release announcing that it intended to complete its 2017 Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review
buyback plan by repurchasing up to $235 million of Fifth Third common stock before the beginning of the proxy solicitation in connection with the
MB Financial stockholder vote on the merger and, subject to regulatory approvals, may repurchase additional shares of Fifth Third common stock
after the MB Financial stockholder vote. On May 23, 2018, in furtherance of this objective, Fifth Third entered into a new share repurchase
agreement (the “Repurchase Agreement”) with Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC (“MSCO”) providing for the purchase by Fifth Third of approximately
$235 million of its outstanding common stock. Under the Repurchase Agreement, Fifth Third paid $235 million to MSCO on May 25, 2018, and
on the same date received from MSCO 6,402,244 shares, which represented a substantial majority of the shares underlying the Repurchase
Agreement. At settlement of the Repurchase Agreement on June 15, 2018, MSCO delivered 1,172,122 additional shares of Fifth Third’s common
stock to Fifth Third, which was based generally on a discount to the average of the daily volume-weighted average NASDAQ prices of Fifth
Third’s common stock during the term of the Repurchase Agreement (which volume-weighted average NASDAQ price was $31.1817).

On July 19, 2018, Fifth Third announced in its earnings press release for the second quarter of 2018 that the Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System did not object to Fifth Third’s 2018 Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review buyback plan and Fifth Third intended to
repurchase up to $500 million of Fifth Third common stock before the beginning of the proxy solicitation in connection with the MB Financial
stockholder vote on the merger and may repurchase additional shares of Fifth Third common stock after the MB Financial stockholder vote. As of
August 1, 2018, Fifth Third repurchased 15,380,229 shares at a volume-weighted average price of $29.46 under this buyback plan. Fifth Third
expects to purchase up to approximately 1,750,000 additional shares of Fifth Third’s common stock on August 2, 2018.
 

 
24



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 35/219

Table of Contents

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This proxy statement/prospectus contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995
including, but not limited to, Fifth Third’s and MB Financial’s expectations or predictions of future financial or business performance or conditions.
Forward-looking statements are typically identified by words such as “believe,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “target,” “estimate,” “continue,”
“positions,” “plan,” “predict,” “project,” “forecast,” “guidance,” “goal,” “objective,” “prospects,” “possible” or “potential,” by future conditional verbs
such as “assume,” “will,” “would,” “should,” “could” or “may”, or by variations of such words or by similar expressions. These forward-looking
statements are subject to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties, which change over time. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date
they are made and we assume no duty to update forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from current projections.

In addition to factors previously disclosed in Fifth Third’s and MB Financial’s reports filed with the SEC and those identified elsewhere in this filing
(including the “Risk Factors” beginning on page 27), the following factors among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from forward-
looking statements or historical performance:
 

 
•  the ability to satisfy closing conditions to the merger, including the approval by MB Financial stockholders, on the expected terms and

schedule;
 

 
•  the ability to obtain regulatory approvals required to complete the merger, and the timing and conditions for such approvals, including

conditions that could reduce the expected synergies and other benefits of the merger, result in a material delay or the abandonment of the
merger or otherwise have an adverse impact on the surviving company;

 

 •  delay in closing the merger;
 

 •  difficulties and delays in integrating the Fifth Third and MB Financial businesses or fully realizing cost savings and other benefits;
 

 •  business disruptions resulting from or following the merger;
 

 •  changes in asset quality and credit risk;
 

 •  the inability to sustain revenue and earnings growth;
 

 •  changes in interest rates and capital markets;
 

 •  inflation;
 

 •  customer acceptance of Fifth Third’s and MB Financial’s products and services;
 

 •  customer borrowing, repayment, investment and deposit practices;
 

 •  customer disintermediation;
 

 •  the introduction, withdrawal, success and timing of business initiatives;
 

 •  competitive conditions;
 

 
•  the inability to realize cost savings or revenues or to implement integration plans and other consequences associated with mergers,

acquisitions and divestiture;
 

 •  economic conditions; and
 

 
•  the impact, extent and timing of technological changes, capital management activities, and other actions of the Federal Reserve Board and

legislative and regulatory actions and reforms.

For any forward-looking statements made in this proxy statement/prospectus or in any documents incorporated by reference into this proxy
statement/prospectus, Fifth Third and MB Financial claim the protection of the safe
 

25



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 36/219

Table of Contents

harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance
on these statements, which speak only as of the date of this proxy statement/prospectus or the date of the applicable document incorporated by reference
in this proxy statement/prospectus. Except to the extent required by applicable law, Fifth Third and MB Financial do not undertake to update forward-
looking statements to reflect facts, circumstances, assumptions or events that occur after the dates on which the forward-looking statements are made.
All written and oral forward-looking statements concerning the merger or other matters addressed in this proxy statement/prospectus and attributable to
Fifth Third, MB Financial or any person acting on their behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred
to in this proxy statement/prospectus.
 

26



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 37/219

Table of Contents

RISK FACTORS

In addition to the other information contained in or incorporated by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus, including the matters addressed
under the caption “Forward-Looking Statements,” you should carefully consider the following risk factors in deciding how to vote on the proposals
presented in this proxy statement/prospectus. See “Where You Can Find More Information” in the forepart of this proxy statement/prospectus and
“Incorporation of Certain Documents by Reference” beginning on page 133.

Risks Related to the Merger

Because the Market Price of Fifth Third Common Shares Will Fluctuate, MB Financial Common Stockholders Cannot Be Sure of the Value of the
Merger Consideration They Will Receive.

Upon completion of the merger, each share of MB Financial common stock will be converted into the per share merger consideration consisting of Fifth
Third common shares and cash pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement. The stock portion of the merger consideration that MB Financial
stockholders will receive is a fixed number of Fifth Third common shares; it is not a number of shares with a particular fixed market value. See “The
Merger—Terms of the Merger” beginning on page 46. The market value of Fifth Third common shares and MB Financial common stock at the effective
time of the merger may vary significantly from their respective values on the date the merger agreement was executed or at other dates, including the
date on which MB Financial stockholders vote on the approvals needed for the merger. Because the exchange ratio relating to the stock portion of the
merger consideration is fixed at 1.45 and will not be adjusted to reflect any changes in the market value of Fifth Third common shares or MB Financial
common stock, the market value of the Fifth Third common shares issued in connection with the merger and the MB Financial common stock converted
in connection with the merger may be higher or lower than the values of those shares on earlier dates, and may be higher or lower than the value used to
determine the exchange ratio. Accordingly, at the time of the special meeting, MB Financial common stockholders will not know or be able to calculate
the market value of the Fifth Third common shares they would receive upon the completion of the merger. Stock price changes may result from a variety
of factors, including changes in the business, operations or prospects of Fifth Third or MB Financial, regulatory considerations, and general business,
market, industry or economic conditions. Many of these factors are outside of the control of Fifth Third and MB Financial.

MB Financial Common Stockholders Will Have a Reduced Ownership and Voting Interest After the Merger and Will Exercise Less Influence Over
Management.

MB Financial common stockholders currently have the right to vote in the election of the MB Financial Board of Directors and on other matters
requiring stockholder approval under Maryland law and MB Financial’s charter and bylaws. Upon the completion of the merger, each MB Financial
common stockholder will become a stockholder of Fifth Third with a percentage ownership of Fifth Third that is smaller than such stockholder’s
percentage ownership of MB Financial. Additionally, only two out of the expected fourteen members of the Fifth Third Board of Directors at the
effective time of the merger will be appointed by MB Financial upon the completion of the merger. Based on the number of issued and outstanding Fifth
Third common shares and shares of MB Financial common stock on August 1, 2018, and based on the exchange ratio of 1.45, the common stockholders
of MB Financial, as a group, will receive shares in the merger constituting approximately 16% of Fifth Third common shares expected to be outstanding
immediately after the merger (without giving effect to any Fifth Third common shares held by MB Financial common stockholders prior to the merger).
Because of this, current MB Financial common stockholders, as a group, will have less influence on the Board of Directors, management and policies of
Fifth Third (as the combined company following the merger) than they now have on the Board of Directors, management and policies of MB Financial.
 

27



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 38/219

Table of Contents

The Market Price of Fifth Third Common Shares After the Merger May be Affected by Factors Different from Those Currently Affecting the Prices of
Fifth Third Common Shares and MB Financial Common Stock.

Upon completion of the merger, holders of MB Financial common stock will become holders of Fifth Third common shares. Fifth Third’s businesses
differ from those of MB Financial, and accordingly the results of operations of Fifth Third will be affected by some factors that are different from those
currently affecting the results of operations of MB Financial. For example, Fifth Third operates in certain states of the United States, including Florida,
Georgia, Kentucky, Michigan, North Carolina, Ohio, Tennessee and West Virginia, where MB Financial does not have significant operations.
Accordingly, the results of operations of Fifth Third will be affected by business and other developments in those areas of the country to a larger extent
than those of MB Financial. See “Where You Can Find More Information” in the forepart of this proxy statement/prospectus and “Incorporation of
Certain Documents by Reference” beginning on page 133.

Fifth Third May Fail to Realize the Anticipated Benefits of the Merger.

Fifth Third and MB Financial have operated and, until the completion of the merger, will continue to operate, independently. The success of the merger,
including anticipated benefits and cost savings, will depend on, among other things, Fifth Third’s ability to combine the businesses of Fifth Third and
MB Financial in a manner that permits growth opportunities, including, among other things, enhanced revenues and revenue synergies, an expanded
market reach and operating efficiencies, and does not materially disrupt the existing customer relationships of Fifth Third or MB Financial or result in
decreased revenues due to any loss of customers. If Fifth Third is not able to successfully achieve these objectives, the anticipated benefits of the merger
may not be realized fully or at all or may take longer to realize than expected. Failure to achieve these anticipated benefits could result in increased
costs, decreases in the amount of expected revenues and diversion of management’s time and energy and could have an adverse effect on the combined
company’s business, financial condition, operating results and prospects.

Certain employees may not be employed by Fifth Third after the merger. In addition, employees that Fifth Third wishes to retain may elect to terminate
their employment as a result of the merger, which could delay or disrupt the integration process. It is possible that the integration process could result in
the disruption of Fifth Third’s or MB Financial’s ongoing businesses or cause inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies that
adversely affect the ability of Fifth Third or MB Financial to maintain relationships with customers and employees or to achieve the anticipated benefits
of the merger.

Among the factors considered by the Boards of Directors of Fifth Third and MB Financial in connection with their respective approvals of the merger
agreement were the benefits that could result from the merger. There can be no assurance that these benefits will be realized within the time periods
contemplated or at all.

Regulatory Approvals May Not Be Received, May Take Longer than Expected or May Impose Conditions that Are Not Presently Anticipated or Cannot
Be Met.

Before the transactions contemplated in the merger agreement can be completed, various approvals must be obtained from the bank regulatory and other
governmental authorities. In deciding whether to grant these approvals, the relevant governmental entities will consider a variety of factors, including
the regulatory standing of each of the parties and the effect of the merger on competition. An adverse development in either party’s regulatory standing
or other factors could result in an inability to obtain one or more of the required regulatory approvals or delay receipt of required approvals. The Federal
Reserve Board has stated that if supervisory issues arise during processing of an application for approval of a merger transaction, a banking organization
will be expected to withdraw its application pending resolution of such supervisory concerns. Accordingly, if there is an adverse development in either
party’s regulatory standing, Fifth Third may be required to withdraw its application for approval of the proposed merger and, if possible, resubmit it
after the applicable supervisory concerns have been resolved.
 

28



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 39/219

Table of Contents

The terms of the approvals that are granted may impose conditions, limitations, obligations or costs, or place restrictions on the conduct of the combined
company’s business or require changes to the terms of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. There can be no assurance that regulators
will not impose any such conditions, limitations, obligations or restrictions and that such conditions, limitations, obligations or restrictions will not have
the effect of delaying the completion of any of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, imposing additional material costs on or
materially limiting the revenues of the combined company following the merger or otherwise reduce the anticipated benefits of the merger if the merger
were consummated successfully within the expected timeframe. Nor can there be any assurance that any such conditions, terms, obligations or
restrictions will not result in the delay or abandonment of the merger. Additionally, the completion of the merger is conditioned on the absence of certain
orders, injunctions or decrees by any court or regulatory agency of competent jurisdiction that would prohibit or make illegal the completion of any of
the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

Fifth Third and MB Financial believe that the proposed transactions should not raise significant regulatory concerns and that Fifth Third will be able to
obtain all requisite regulatory approvals in a timely manner. However, the processing time for obtaining regulatory approvals for mergers of banking
institutions, particularly for larger institutions, has increased since the financial crisis. In addition, despite the parties’ commitments to use their
reasonable best efforts to comply with conditions imposed by regulatory entities, under the terms of the merger agreement, Fifth Third and MB
Financial will not be required to take actions that would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on Fifth Third and its subsidiaries,
taken as a whole, after giving effect to the merger (measured on a scale relative to MB Financial and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole).

The Merger Agreement May Be Terminated in Accordance with Its Terms and the Merger May Not Be Completed.

The merger agreement is subject to a number of conditions which must be fulfilled in order to complete the merger. Those conditions include: approval
of the merger and charter amendment by the MB Financial common stockholders, receipt of requisite regulatory approvals, absence of orders
prohibiting completion of any of the proposed transactions, effectiveness of the registration statement of which this proxy statement/prospectus is a part,
approval of the Fifth Third common shares to be issued in connection with the merger for listing on the NASDAQ, the accuracy of the representations
and warranties by both parties (subject to the materiality standards set forth in the merger agreement) and the performance by both parties of their
covenants and agreements, and the receipt by both parties of legal opinions from their respective tax counsels. These conditions to the closing of the
merger may not be fulfilled in a timely manner or at all, and, accordingly, the merger may not be completed. In addition, the parties can mutually decide
to terminate the merger agreement at any time, before or after stockholder approval, or Fifth Third or MB Financial may elect to terminate the merger
agreement in certain other circumstances.

Termination of the Merger Agreement Could Negatively Impact MB Financial.

If the merger is not completed for any reason, including as a result of MB Financial stockholders declining to approve the MB Financial stockholder
matters, the ongoing business of MB Financial may be adversely impacted and, without realizing any of the anticipated benefits of completing the
merger, MB Financial would be subject to a number of risks, including the following:
 

 
•  MB Financial may experience negative reactions from the financial markets, including negative impacts on its stock price (including to the

extent that the current market price reflects a market assumption that the merger will be completed);
 

 •  MB Financial may experience negative reactions from its customers, vendors and employees;
 

 
•  MB Financial will have incurred substantial expenses and will be required to pay certain costs relating to the merger, whether or not the

merger is completed;
 

29



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 40/219

Table of Contents

 

•  the merger agreement places certain restrictions on the conduct of MB Financial’s businesses prior to completion of the merger. Such
restrictions, the waiver of which is subject to the consent of Fifth Third (not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), may
prevent MB Financial from making certain acquisitions or taking certain other specified actions during the pendency of the merger (see the
section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Covenants and Agreements” beginning on page 86 of this proxy statement/prospectus for a
description of the restrictive covenants applicable to MB Financial); and

 

 
•  matters relating to the merger (including integration planning) will require substantial commitments of time and resources by MB Financial

management, which would otherwise have been devoted to other opportunities that may have been beneficial to MB Financial as an
independent company.

If the merger agreement is terminated and MB Financial’s Board of Directors seeks another merger or business combination, MB Financial stockholders
cannot be certain that MB Financial will be able to find a party willing to offer equivalent or more attractive consideration than the consideration Fifth
Third has agreed to provide in the merger, or that such other merger or business combination will be completed. If the merger agreement is
terminated under certain circumstances, MB Financial may be required to pay a termination fee of $151.2 million to Fifth Third. See “The Merger
Agreement—Termination; Termination Fee” on page 96.

MB Financial Will Be Subject to Business Uncertainties and Contractual Restrictions While the Merger Is Pending.

Uncertainty about the effect of the merger on employees and customers may have an adverse effect on MB Financial and consequently on Fifth Third.
These uncertainties may impair MB Financial’s ability to attract, retain and motivate key personnel until the merger is completed, and could cause
customers and others that deal with MB Financial to seek to change existing business relationships with MB Financial. Retention of certain employees
may be challenging during the pendency of the merger, as certain employees may experience uncertainty about their future roles. If key employees
depart because of issues relating to the uncertainty or difficulty of integration or a desire not to remain with the business, Fifth Third’s business
following the merger could be negatively impacted. In addition, the merger agreement restricts MB Financial from making certain acquisitions and
taking other specified actions without the consent of Fifth Third until the merger occurs. These restrictions may prevent MB Financial from pursuing
attractive business opportunities that may arise prior to the completion of the merger. See “The Merger Agreement—Covenants and Agreements—
Conduct of Business Prior to the Completion of the Merger” beginning on page 86.

MB Financial Directors and Officers May Have Interests in the Merger Different From the Interests of MB Financial Stockholders.

The interests of some of the directors and executive officers of MB Financial may be different from those of MB Financial stockholders, and directors
and officers of MB Financial may be participants in arrangements that are different from, or are in addition to, those of MB Financial stockholders. See
“The Merger—Interests of MB Financial Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger” beginning on page 70.

The Merger Agreement Contains Provisions that May Discourage Other Companies from Trying to Acquire MB Financial for Greater Merger
Consideration.

The merger agreement contains provisions that may discourage a third party from submitting a business combination proposal to MB Financial that
might result in greater value to MB Financial’s stockholders than the merger or may result in a potential competing acquirer proposing to pay a lower
per share price to acquire MB Financial than it might otherwise have proposed to pay absent such provisions. These provisions include a general
prohibition on MB Financial from soliciting, or, subject to certain exceptions relating to the exercise of fiduciary duties by MB Financial’s Board of
Directors, entering into discussions with any third party regarding
 

30



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 41/219

Table of Contents

any acquisition proposal or offers for competing transactions. MB Financial also has an unqualified obligation to submit the proposal to approve the
merger to a vote by its stockholders, even if MB Financial receives an alternative acquisition proposal that its Board of Directors believes is superior to
the merger, unless the merger agreement has been terminated in accordance with its terms. In addition, MB Financial may be required to pay Fifth Third
a termination fee of $151.2 million upon termination of the merger agreement in certain circumstances involving acquisition proposals for competing
transactions. See “The Merger Agreement—Termination; Termination Fee” beginning on page 96.

The Opinion of MB Financial’s Financial Advisor Delivered to the MB Financial Board of Directors Prior to the Signing of the Merger Agreement Will
Not Reflect Changes in Circumstances Following the Date of the Opinion.

The opinion from MB Financial’s financial advisor was delivered on and dated May 20, 2018. Changes in the operations and prospects of MB Financial
or Fifth Third, general market and economic conditions and other factors that may be beyond the control of MB Financial or Fifth Third may
significantly alter the value of MB Financial or the prices of the Fifth Third common shares or shares of MB Financial common stock by the time the
merger is completed. The opinion does not speak as of the time the merger will be completed or as of any date other than the date of such opinion. See
“The Merger—Opinion of MB Financial’s Financial Advisor” beginning on page 59.

Fifth Third and MB Financial Will Incur Transaction and Integration Costs in Connection with the Merger.

Each of Fifth Third and MB Financial has incurred and expects that it will incur significant, non-recurring costs in connection with consummating the
merger. In addition, Fifth Third will incur integration costs following the completion of the merger as Fifth Third integrates the businesses of the two
companies, including facilities and systems consolidation costs and employment-related costs. There can be no assurances that the expected benefits and
efficiencies related to the integration of the businesses will be realized to offset these transaction and integration costs over time. See the risk factor
entitled “—Fifth Third May Fail to Realize the Anticipated Benefits of the Merger” above. Fifth Third and MB Financial may also incur additional costs
to maintain employee morale and to retain key employees. Fifth Third and MB Financial will also incur significant legal, financial advisor, accounting,
banking and consulting fees, fees relating to regulatory filings and notices, SEC filing fees, printing and mailing fees and other costs associated with the
merger. Some of these costs are payable regardless of whether the merger is completed.

MB Financial Stockholders Will Become Stockholders of an Ohio Corporation and Will Have Their Rights As Stockholders Governed by Fifth Third’s
Organizational Documents and Ohio Law.

Upon completion of the merger, holders of shares of MB Financial common stock, MB Financial stock options, MB Financial restricted stock awards,
MB Financial restricted stock unit awards, MB Financial performance share unit awards and MB Financial preferred stock will become holders of Fifth
Third common shares, Fifth Third stock options, Fifth Third restricted stock awards or Fifth Third restricted stock unit awards and, solely in the case of
the direct merger, new Fifth Third preferred stock, which will be governed by Fifth Third’s organizational documents and the Ohio General Corporation
Law. As a result, there will be differences between the rights currently enjoyed by MB Financial stockholders and the rights they expect to have as
stockholders of the combined company. See “Comparison of Stockholders’ Rights” beginning on page 104.

Potential Litigation Against MB Financial and Fifth Third Could Result in an Injunction Preventing the Completion of the Merger or a Judgment
Resulting in the Payment of Damages.

Stockholders of MB Financial may file lawsuits against Fifth Third, MB Financial and/or the directors and officers of either company in connection with
the merger. These lawsuits could prevent or delay the completion of the merger and result in significant costs to MB Financial and/or Fifth Third,
including any costs associated
 

31



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 42/219

Table of Contents

with the indemnification of directors and officers. The defense or settlement of any lawsuit or claim that remains unresolved at the time the merger is
completed may adversely affect Fifth Third’s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

Additional Risks Relating to the New Fifth Third Preferred Stock or MB Financial Preferred Stock

Fifth Third’s Creditworthiness May Affect the Market Value of the New Fifth Third Preferred Stock.

The value of the new Fifth Third preferred stock if the direct merger is completed will be affected, among other things, by Fifth Third’s general
creditworthiness. For a discussion and analysis of known material trends and events, and risks or uncertainties that are reasonably expected to have a
material effect on Fifth Third’s business, financial condition or results of operations, you should review the Fifth Third documents incorporated by
reference into this proxy statement/prospectus. See “Incorporation of Certain Documents by Reference” beginning on page 133.

Changes in Credit Ratings May Affect the Market Value of the New Fifth Third Preferred Stock.

If the direct merger is completed, real or anticipated changes in credit ratings on Fifth Third or the new Fifth Third preferred stock may affect the market
value of the new Fifth Third preferred stock. In addition, real or anticipated changes in credit ratings can affect the cost at which Fifth Third can transact
or obtain funding, and thereby affect Fifth Third’s liquidity, business, financial condition or results of operations.

In the Event of Fifth Third’s Insolvency, the New Fifth Third Preferred Stock Will Rank Junior to Other Securities.

In the event of Fifth Third’s insolvency, any new Fifth Third preferred stock issued in the direct merger and outstanding will rank equally with certain of
Fifth Third’s other outstanding series of preferred stock. If Fifth Third becomes insolvent or is wound up, its assets must be used to pay its deposit
liabilities and other debt, including subordinated debt, before payments may be made on Fifth Third’s preferred stock, including the new Fifth Third
preferred stock. See “Description of Fifth Third Capital Stock” beginning on page 118.

Yields on Similar Securities Will Likely Affect the Market Value of the New Fifth Third Preferred Stock.

Prevailing yields on securities similar to the new Fifth Third preferred stock will likely affect the market value of the new Fifth Third preferred stock.
Assuming all other factors remain unchanged, the market value of the new Fifth Third preferred stock will likely decline as prevailing yields for similar
securities rise, and will likely increase as prevailing yields for similar securities decline.

An active trading market for the new Fifth Third preferred stock (or related depositary shares) does not exist and may not develop and the market price
and liquidity of the depositary shares may be adversely affected.

The new Fifth Third preferred stock (or related depositary shares), if issuable, are new issues of securities with no established trading market. Fifth
Third will use its reasonable best efforts to cause the new Fifth Third preferred stock (or related depositary shares) to be approved for listing on the
NASDAQ. However, Fifth Third cannot be certain that the new Fifth Third preferred stock (or related depositary shares) will qualify for listing. If they
do not qualify for listing, or if an active trading market does not develop, holders of new Fifth Third preferred stock may have difficulty selling any of
the new Fifth Third preferred stock (or related depositary shares). Fifth Third cannot predict the extent to which investor interest in the new Fifth Third
preferred stock (or related depositary shares) will lead to the development of an active trading market on the NASDAQ or how liquid that market might
become. If an active, liquid market does not develop for the new Fifth Third preferred stock (or related depositary shares), the market price and liquidity
of the depositary shares may be adversely affected.
 

32



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 43/219

Table of Contents

If the alternative merger is effected, the price for MB Financial preferred stock that remains outstanding may be depressed.

If the alternative merger is effected, then the MB Financial preferred stock will remain outstanding after consummation of the alternative merger.
However, Fifth Third currently expects to delist the MB Financial preferred stock from the NASDAQ and terminate MB Financial’s registration and
reporting obligations with the SEC so that at or promptly following the closing of the alternative merger, the MB Financial preferred stock will no
longer trade on the NASDAQ or any other securities exchange. Additionally, MB Financial will no longer file reports or other public disclosure with the
SEC. As a result, these actions may have a significant and adverse effect on the liquidity of, and the price of, the MB Financial preferred stock and may
result in the MB Financial preferred stock being less liquid for an indefinite period of time.

If the alternative merger is effected, the outstanding shares of MB Financial preferred stock will vote with Fifth Third, as the sole holder of MB
Financial common stock, on all matters submitted to a vote of the common stockholders of MB Financial.

Upon completion of the alternative merger, MB Financial will be a subsidiary of Fifth Third, who will control MB Financial. MB Financial
preferred stockholders will vote with Fifth Third as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of Fifth Third, as the sole common stockholder of
MB Financial following completion of the alternative merger. Thus, the voting rights that would be conferred upon the MB Financial preferred
stockholders by the charter amendment would continue to apply with respect to MB Financial, and not Fifth Third, following completion of the
alternative merger.

Risks Relating to the Tax Consequences of the Merger

If the merger does not constitute a reorganization under Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code, then MB Financial stockholders may be
responsible for payment of U.S. income taxes related to the consideration they receive in the merger.

The United States Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) may determine that the merger does not qualify as a tax-free reorganization under
Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”). In that case, each MB Financial stockholder would recognize a gain or
loss equal to the difference between the sum of any cash consideration and the fair market value of the Fifth Third common shares or Fifth Third
preferred stock, as applicable, received by the stockholder in the merger, and such stockholder’s adjusted tax basis in the shares of MB Financial
common stock or MB Financial preferred stock exchanged therefor.

The alternative merger’s qualification as a tax-free reorganization is dependent on the market price of Fifth Third common shares and if the market
price of Fifth Third common shares declines significantly the merger agreement may be terminated or the alternative merger may not constitute a
tax-free reorganization.

The merger agreement is subject to a number of conditions which must be fulfilled in order to complete the merger. One of those conditions
includes the receipt by both parties of legal opinions from their respective tax counsels that the alternative merger constitutes a tax-free reorganization.
The qualification of the alternative merger as a tax-free reorganization under Section 368(a)(2)(E) of the Internal Revenue Code depends on the
application of numerous technical requirements, including whether MB Financial stockholders will receive a sufficient amount of Fifth Third common
shares to satisfy the “control” test applicable to the alternative merger. For purposes of Section 368(a)(2)(E) of the Internal Revenue Code, “control” is
defined by Section 368(c) as ownership of stock possessing at least 80 percent of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock entitled to vote
and at least 80 percent of the total number of shares of all other classes of stock of the corporation. Satisfaction of the control test will depend on the
value, as of the closing of the alternative merger, of the Fifth Third common shares received by holders of MB Financial common stock in exchange for
MB Financial common stock relative to the value of the consideration other than Fifth Third common shares received by holders of MB Financial
common stock in exchange for shares of MB Financial common stock in connection with the alternative merger.
 

33



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 44/219

Table of Contents

Due to uncertainty surrounding the market price of Fifth Third common shares immediately prior to the closing, if the market price of Fifth Third
common shares declines, neither Fifth Third nor MB Financial can assure you that they will be able to obtain legal opinions from their respective tax
counsels that the alternative merger constitutes a tax-free reorganization under Section 368(a)(2)(E). Therefore, the legal opinion condition to the closing
of the alternative merger may not be fulfilled in a timely manner or at all, and, accordingly, the alternative merger may not be completed.

Further, even if Fifth Third and MB Financial later determine to take the position that the alternative merger qualifies as a tax-free reorganization,
neither Fifth Third nor MB Financial can assure you that the IRS will accept the treatment of the alternative merger as a reorganization. If the IRS were
to challenge such treatment and successfully contend that the alternative merger failed to qualify as a reorganization, the alternative merger would be a
fully taxable transaction to MB Financial stockholders.

Additional Risks Relating to Fifth Third and MB Financial After the Merger

Fifth Third’s and MB Financial’s businesses are, and will continue to be, subject to the risks described in (i) Part I, Item 1A in Fifth Third’s Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017 and (ii) Part I, Item 1A in MB Financial’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2017, in each case, as such risks may be updated or supplemented in each company’s subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form
10-Q or Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC and incorporated by reference in this proxy statement/prospectus. See “Incorporation of
Certain Documents by Reference” beginning on page 133.
 

34



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 45/219

Table of Contents

MB FINANCIAL SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

Date, Time and Place of the Special Meeting

The special meeting of MB Financial stockholders will be held on September 18, 2018, at 8:30 a.m. local time, at MB Financial Center, 6111 North
River Road, Rosemont, Illinois 60018. On or about August 3, 2018, this proxy statement/prospectus was mailed to holders of MB Financial common
stock and MB Financial preferred stock entitled to vote at the special meeting.

Purpose of the Special Meeting

The special meeting is being held for the following purposes:
 

 
•  for the holders of MB Financial preferred stock to approve the direct merger (which we refer to as the “preferred stockholder merger

proposal”);
 

 
•  for the holders of MB Financial common stock to approve the merger (whether effected as the direct merger or, in the event the preferred

stockholders do not approve the preferred stockholder merger proposal, as the alternative merger) (which we refer to as the “common
stockholder merger proposal”);

 

 

•  for the holders of MB Financial common stock to approve an amendment to the charter of MB Financial and the articles supplementary to
the charter of MB Financial relating to the MB Financial preferred stock that would give the holders of MB Financial preferred stock the
right to vote with the holders of MB Financial common stock as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of such common
stockholders, to become effective immediately prior to the alternative merger in the event the holders of MB Financial preferred stock do not
approve the preferred stockholder merger proposal (which we refer to as the “charter amendment proposal”);

 

 

•  for the holders of MB Financial common stock to approve, on a non-binding, advisory basis, the compensation to be paid to MB Financial’s
named executive officers that is based on or otherwise relates to the merger, discussed under the section entitled “The Merger—Interests of
MB Financial Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger” beginning on page 70 (which we refer to as the “merger-related
compensation proposal”);

 

 
•  for the holders of MB Financial preferred stock to approve one or more adjournments of the special meeting, if necessary or appropriate to

permit further solicitation of proxies from the holders of MB Financial preferred stock in favor of the preferred stockholder merger proposal
(which we refer to as the “preferred stockholder adjournment proposal”); and

 

 
•  for the holders of MB Financial common stock to approve one or more adjournments of the special meeting, if necessary or appropriate to

permit further solicitation of proxies from the holders of MB Financial common stock in favor of the common stockholder merger proposal
and/or the charter amendment proposal (which we refer to as the “common stockholder adjournment proposal).

Recommendation of the MB Financial Board of Directors

The MB Financial Board of Directors recommends that holders of MB Financial common stock vote “FOR” the common stockholder merger proposal,
“FOR” the charter amendment proposal, “FOR” the merger-related compensation proposal and “FOR” the common stockholder adjournment proposal
(if necessary or appropriate), and recommends that holders of MB Financial preferred stock vote “FOR” the preferred stockholder merger proposal and
“FOR” the preferred stockholder adjournment proposal (if necessary or appropriate). See “The Merger—Recommendation of the MB Financial Board of
Directors and Reasons for the Merger” beginning on page 54.
 

35



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 46/219

Table of Contents

Record Date and Quorum

The MB Financial Board of Directors has fixed the close of business on August 1, 2018 as the record date for determining the holders of MB Financial
common stock and the holders of MB Financial preferred stock entitled to receive notice of and to vote at the special meeting.

As of the record date, there were 84,420,704 shares of MB Financial common stock outstanding and entitled to vote at the MB Financial special meeting
held by 1,366 holders of record. Each share of MB Financial common stock entitles the holder thereof as of the record date to one vote at the special
meeting on each proposal to be considered at the special meeting by the common stockholders, provided, however, that pursuant to Section F of Article
5 of MB Financial’s charter, no person who beneficially owns more than 14.9% of the shares of MB Financial common stock outstanding as of the
record date may vote shares in excess of this limit.

As of the record date, there were 200,000 shares of MB Financial preferred stock outstanding, all of which were held by Computershare Inc. and
Computershare Trust Company N.A. (which we refer to collectively as the “depositary”), on behalf of the holders of depositary shares each representing
a 1/40th interest in a share of MB Financial preferred stock. Under the terms of the deposit agreement among MB Financial, the depositary and the
holders from time to time of the depositary receipts evidencing the depositary shares, the depositary is required to vote the MB Financial preferred stock
in accordance with the instructions of the holders of the depositary shares. Where we refer to “holders of MB Financial preferred stock” or “MB
Financial preferred stockholders,” this includes holders of the depositary shares unless the context indicates otherwise.

The holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of MB Financial common stock, present in person or represented by proxy, will constitute a quorum
for purposes of the matters being voted upon by the common stockholders. The holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of MB Financial
preferred stock, present in person or represented by proxy, will constitute a quorum for purposes of the matters being voted upon by the preferred
stockholders.

As of the record date, the directors and executive officers of MB Financial and their affiliates beneficially owned and were entitled to vote
1,866,405 shares of MB Financial common stock, representing approximately 2.2% of the shares of MB Financial common stock outstanding on that
date. MB Financial currently expects that its directors and executive officers will vote their shares of MB Financial common stock in favor of the
common stockholder merger proposal, the charter amendment proposal, the merger-related compensation proposal and the common stockholder
adjournment proposal (if necessary or appropriate), although none of them has entered into any agreements obligating them to do so. As of the record
date, none of the directors and executive officers of MB Financial and their affiliates beneficially owned any depositary shares representing interests in
MB Financial preferred stock. As of the record date, excluding shares held in a fiduciary or agency capacity, neither Fifth Third nor any of its directors
and executive officers and their affiliates beneficially owned any shares of MB Financial common stock or depositary shares representing interests in
MB Financial preferred stock.

Required Vote

Preferred Stockholder Merger Proposal

The affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of MB Financial preferred stock as of the record date is required to
approve the preferred stockholder merger proposal.

Common Stockholder Merger Proposal

The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of MB Financial common stock as of the record date and entitled to vote
thereon is required to approve the common stockholder merger proposal.
 

36



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 47/219

Table of Contents

Charter Amendment Proposal

The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of MB Financial common stock as of the record date and entitled to vote
thereon is required to approve the charter amendment proposal.

Merger-Related Compensation Proposal

The affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast by the holders of MB Financial common stock on the merger-related compensation proposal is
required to approve the merger-related compensation proposal.

Common Stockholder Adjournment Proposal

The affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast by the holders of MB Financial common stock on the common stockholder adjournment proposal is
required to approve the common stockholder adjournment proposal.

Preferred Stockholder Adjournment Proposal

The affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast by the holders of MB Financial preferred stock is required to approve the preferred stockholder
adjournment proposal.

Treatment of Abstentions; Failure to Vote

For purposes of the special meeting, an abstention occurs when an MB Financial stockholder attends the MB Financial special meeting, either in person
or by proxy, but abstains from voting.
 

 
•  For the preferred stockholder merger proposal, the common stockholder merger proposal and the charter amendment proposal, an abstention

or failure to vote will have the same effect as a vote cast “AGAINST” such proposals.
 

 
•  For the merger-related compensation proposal, the common stockholder adjournment proposal and the preferred stockholder adjournment

proposal, an abstention or failure to vote will have no effect on the outcome of the vote. For each of these proposals, abstentions are not
treated as votes cast and will have no effect on the outcome of the vote, though abstentions are counted towards establishing a quorum.

Proxies and Voting Instructions; Incomplete Proxies and Voting Instructions

If you are a holder of record of shares of MB Financial common stock, you may authorize the persons named in the enclosed proxy card to vote your
shares of MB Financial common stock at the special meeting in the manner you direct. You may also use one of the following voting methods:
 

 
•  By telephone: Use any touch-tone telephone to vote your shares 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Call (800) 690-6903 and then follow the

voice instructions. Please have your proxy card and your social security number or tax identification number available when you call.
 

 
•  Through the Internet: Use the Internet to vote your shares 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Follow the instructions as prompted by the menu

found at www.proxyvote.com to obtain your records and submit an electronic ballot. Please have your proxy card and your social security
number or tax identification number available when you access this voting site.

 

 
•  By mail: Complete and return the proxy card in the enclosed envelope. The envelope requires no additional postage if mailed in the United

States.

MB Financial requests that you vote by telephone, over the Internet or by completing and signing the accompanying proxy card and returning it as soon
as possible in the enclosed postage-paid envelope.
 

37



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 48/219

Table of Contents

When a properly executed proxy card is returned by a holder of record of MB Financial common stock prior to the special meeting, the shares of MB
Financial common stock represented by the proxy card will be voted at the special meeting in accordance with the instructions contained on the proxy
card. If any properly executed proxy card is returned by a holder of record of MB Financial common stock without indication as to how to vote, the
shares of MB Financial common stock represented by the proxy card will be voted as recommended by the MB Financial Board of Directors.

If you hold shares of MB Financial common stock or depositary shares representing interests in MB Financial preferred stock in “street name” through a
broker, bank or other nominee, you should check the voting instruction form provided to you by that firm to determine whether you may vote by
telephone or the Internet. Please refer to the voting instruction form for the applicable deadline for voting your shares or depositary shares.

YOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT, REGARDLESS OF THE NUMBER OF SHARES OR DEPOSITARY SHARES YOU OWN. PLEASE
VOTE, USING ONE OF THE AVAILABLE METHODS, AS SOON AS POSSIBLE.

Shares Held in Street Name

If you hold shares of MB Financial common stock, or depositary shares representing interests in MB Financial preferred stock, in “street name” through
a broker, bank or other holder of record, you must provide the record holder of your shares or depositary shares with instructions on how to vote your
shares or depositary shares. Please follow the voting instructions provided by the broker or bank. You may not vote shares held in street name by
returning a proxy card directly to MB Financial or by voting in person at the special meeting unless you provide a “legal proxy,” which you must obtain
from your broker, bank or other nominee. Further, brokers, banks or other nominees who hold shares of MB Financial stock on behalf of their customers
may not give a proxy to MB Financial to vote those shares with respect to any of the proposals without specific instructions from their customers, as
brokers, banks and other nominees do not have discretionary voting power on these matters. Therefore, if you hold shares of MB Financial common
stock, or depositary shares representing interests in MB Financial preferred stock, in street name and do not instruct your broker, bank or other nominee
on how to vote your shares or depositary shares, your broker, bank or other nominee will not vote your shares or depositary shares on any proposal on
which you are entitled to vote. In the case of the preferred stockholder merger proposal, the common stockholder merger proposal or the charter
amendment proposal, this will have the same effect as a vote cast “AGAINST” the proposal. In the case of the merger-related compensation proposal,
the common stockholder adjournment proposal or the preferred stockholder adjournment proposal, this will have no effect on the proposal.

Shares Held Through MB Financial 401(k) Profit Sharing Plan

If you hold shares of MB Financial common stock through the MB Financial 401(k) profit sharing plan, you are entitled to instruct the plan trustee on
how to vote the shares allocated to your plan account. Plan shares for which voting instructions are not received, or are not timely received, by the plan
trustee will be voted in the same proportion as the shares for which timely voting instructions are received by the plan trustee. Refer to the voting
instructions form for your plan shares for additional information, including the deadline for submitting your voting instructions.

Revocability of Proxies/Voting Instructions and Changes to a Vote

If you are a holder of record of MB Financial common stock and have submitted your proxy and would like to revoke your proxy, you may do so before
your shares are voted at the special meeting by: (i) filing a notice with the Corporate Secretary of MB Financial revoking your proxy, (ii) filing a new,
subsequently dated proxy card (whether by proxy card online or by telephone) or (iii) by attending the special meeting and voting your shares in person.
Your presence at the special meeting alone will not revoke your proxy. If you have instructed a broker,
 

38



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 49/219

Table of Contents

bank or other nominee to vote your shares or depositary shares, you must follow the directions you receive from your broker, bank or other nominee in
order to change or revoke your vote.

Unless so revoked, the shares and depositary shares represented by such proxies and voting instructions will be voted at the special meeting and all
adjournments or postponements of the special meeting.

Solicitation of Proxies and Voting Instructions

The cost of solicitation of proxies and voting instructions for the special meeting will be borne by MB Financial. MB Financial will reimburse brokerage
firms and other custodians, nominees and fiduciaries for reasonable expenses incurred by them in sending materials to the beneficial owners of common
stock and depositary shares. MB Financial has retained D.F. King to assist in the solicitation of proxies and voting instructions for a fee of
approximately $10,000 plus related fees for any additional services and reasonable out-of-pocket expenses. In addition to solicitations by mail, MB
Financial’s directors, officers and regular employees may solicit proxies and voting instructions personally or by telephone without additional
compensation.

Attending the Special Meeting

All holders of MB Financial common stock and depositary shares representing interests in MB Financial preferred stock as of the record date, or their
duly appointed proxies, may attend the special meeting.

If your shares of MB Financial common stock or depositary shares representing interests in MB Financial preferred stock are held in “street name” in a
stock brokerage account or by a bank or nominee and you wish to attend the special meeting, please bring evidence of your beneficial ownership of your
shares or depositary shares (e.g., a copy of a recent brokerage statement showing the shares or depositary shares) and valid photo identification with you
to the special meeting. If you intend to vote shares of MB Financial common stock in person at the special meeting and you own your shares in street
name, you also are required to bring to the special meeting a legal proxy from your broker, bank or other intermediary. While holders of depositary
shares representing interests in MB Financial preferred stock may attend the special meeting, they may not vote such depositary shares in person at the
special meeting; such depositary shares may only be voted by providing voting instructions to the depositary, and the depositary will vote the shares of
MB Financial preferred stock represented thereby in accordance with such instructions.
 

39



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 50/219

Table of Contents

MB FINANCIAL PROPOSALS

Preferred Stockholder Merger Proposal, Common Stockholder Merger Proposal and Charter Amendment Proposal

General. As discussed elsewhere in this proxy statement/prospectus, the holders of MB Financial preferred stock will consider and vote on a proposal,
which we have defined as the preferred stockholder merger proposal, to approve the direct merger, which we have defined as the merger of MB
Financial with and into Intermediary, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Fifth Third, with Intermediary surviving the direct merger. The holders of MB
Financial common stock will separately vote on a proposal, which we have defined as the common stockholder merger proposal, to approve the merger,
whether effected as the direct merger or as the alternative merger. We have defined the alternative merger as the merger of a newly-formed subsidiary of
Fifth Third with and into MB Financial, with MB Financial surviving that merger. Only if the direct merger is not approved by the MB Financial
preferred stockholders will the alternative merger occur instead of the direct merger, if the applicable common stockholder approvals for the alternative
merger and the charter amendment described below are obtained. The holders of MB Financial common stock will separately vote on a proposal, which
we have defined as the charter amendment proposal, to approve the charter amendment, which we have defined as an amendment to the charter of MB
Financial and the articles supplementary to the charter of MB Financial relating to the MB Financial preferred stock that would give the holders of MB
Financial preferred stock the right to vote with the holders of MB Financial common stock as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of such
common stockholders, to become effective immediately prior to completion of the alternative merger in the event the holders of MB Financial preferred
stock do not approve the preferred stockholder merger proposal.

For the preferred stockholder merger proposal, holders of MB Financial preferred stock may vote “FOR,” “AGAINST” or “ABSTAIN,” and for each of
the common stockholder merger proposal and the charter amendment proposal, holders of MB Financial common stock may vote FOR,” “AGAINST”
or “ABSTAIN.” An abstention or failure to vote on these proposals will have the same effect as a vote cast “AGAINST” such proposals. If you hold
depositary shares representing interests in MB Financial preferred stock or shares of MB Financial through a broker, bank or other nominee and you do
not instruct your broker, bank or other nominee on how to vote your depositary shares or shares on the these proposals, as applicable, your broker, bank
or other nominee will not vote your depositary shares or shares on the applicable proposal, which will have the same effect as a vote cast “AGAINST”
such proposal.

The MB Financial Board of Directors recommends that holders of MB Financial preferred stock vote “FOR” the preferred stockholder merger
proposal and that holders of MB Financial common stock vote “FOR” the common stockholder merger proposal and “FOR” the charter
amendment proposal.

The merger cannot be completed unless MB Financial common stockholders approve the common stockholder merger proposal and, if the MB Financial
preferred stockholders fail to approve the preferred stockholder merger proposal, the charter amendment proposal. Therefore, it is essential that MB
Financial common stockholders approve both the common stockholder merger proposal and the charter amendment proposal to ensure the merger
can be completed in the event the MB Financial preferred stockholders fail to approve the preferred stockholder merger proposal.

Charter Amendment. As indicated above, the charter amendment would amend the charter of MB Financial (specifically, Section C of Article 5 of the
charter) and the articles supplementary to the charter of MB Financial relating to the MB Financial preferred stock (specifically, Sections 6(a) and 6(d)
of Annex A to the articles supplementary) to give the holders of MB Financial preferred stock the right to vote with the holders of MB Financial
common stock as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of such common stockholders, with the holders of MB Financial preferred stock being
entitled to 24 votes for each share of MB Financial preferred stock. If approved by the MB Financial common stockholders, the charter amendment will
not become effective until immediately prior to completion of the alternative merger, following the filing of articles of amendment
 

40



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 51/219

Table of Contents

with the Department of Assessments and Taxation of the State of Maryland. As noted above, the alternative merger will occur instead of the direct
merger if and only if the MB Financial preferred stockholders fail to approve the preferred stockholder merger proposal.

Upon completion of the alternative merger, MB Financial will be a subsidiary of Fifth Third, who will control MB Financial. MB Financial preferred
stockholders will vote with Fifth Third as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of Fifth Third, as the sole common stockholder of MB
Financial following completion of the alternative merger. Thus, the voting rights that would be conferred upon the MB Financial preferred stockholders
by the charter amendment would continue to apply with respect to MB Financial, and not Fifth Third, following completion of the alternative merger.
Approval of the charter amendment proposal is necessary to obtain required tax opinions in the event the alternative merger will occur instead of the
direct merger. See “Material United States Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger” beginning on page 99.

The text of the proposed charter amendment is set forth in Appendix C to this proxy statement/prospectus. The above description of the charter
amendment is qualified in its entirety by reference to the text of the proposed charter amendment.

Merger-Related Compensation Proposal

Pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 and Rule 14a-21(c) under the Exchange Act, MB Financial is
seeking non-binding, advisory approval from the holders of MB Financial common stock of the compensation of MB Financial’s named executive
officers that is based on or otherwise relates to the merger as disclosed in “The Merger—Merger-Related Compensation for MB Financial’s Named
Executive Officers” beginning on page 75. The proposal gives holders of MB Financial common stock the opportunity to express their views on the
merger-related compensation of MB Financial’s named executive officers. Accordingly, MB Financial is requesting holders of MB Financial common
stock to adopt the following resolution, on a non-binding, advisory basis:

“RESOLVED, that the compensation that may be paid or become payable to MB Financial’s named executive officers, in connection with the
merger, and the agreements or understandings pursuant to which such compensation may be paid or become payable, in each case as disclosed
pursuant to Item 402(t) of Regulation S-K in “The Merger—Merger-Related Compensation for MB Financial’s Named Executive Officers,” are
hereby APPROVED.”

The vote on this proposal is a vote separate and apart from the votes of the common stockholders to approve the common stockholder merger proposal
and the charter amendment proposal. Accordingly, a holder of MB Financial common stock may vote not to approve this proposal on merger-related
compensation and benefits to be paid or provided to named executive officers of MB Financial and vote to approve the common stockholder merger
proposal and the charter amendment proposal and vice versa. The vote is advisory in nature and, therefore, is not binding on MB Financial or on Fifth
Third or the Boards of Directors or the compensation committees of MB Financial or Fifth Third, regardless of whether the other proposals are
approved. Approval of the non-binding, advisory proposal with respect to the compensation that may be received by MB Financial’s named executive
officers in connection with the merger is not a condition to completion of the merger, and failure to approve this advisory matter will have no effect on
the votes of the common stockholders to approve the common stockholder merger proposal or the charter amendment proposal. The merger-related
compensation to be paid to named executive officers in connection with the merger is based on contractual arrangements with the named executive
officers and, accordingly, the outcome of this advisory vote will not affect the obligation to make these payments.

For the merger-related compensation proposal, holders of MB Financial common stock may vote “FOR,” “AGAINST” or “ABSTAIN.” Holders of MB
Financial preferred stock are not entitled to vote on this proposal. If you hold shares of MB Financial common stock and your shares are not present at
the special meeting, it will
 

41



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 52/219

Table of Contents

have no effect on the merger-related compensation proposal (assuming a quorum is present). If you abstain, your abstention will have no effect on the
merger-related compensation proposal, although it will be counted toward establishing a quorum. If you hold shares of MB Financial common stock
through a broker, bank or other nominee and you do not instruct your broker, bank or other nominee on how to vote your shares on the merger-related
compensation proposal, your broker, bank or other nominee will not vote your shares on the merger-related compensation proposal, which will have no
effect on the vote count for such proposal.

The MB Financial Board of Directors recommends that holders of MB Financial common stock vote “FOR” the merger-related compensation
proposal.

Preferred Stockholder Adjournment Proposal and Common Stockholder Adjournment Proposal

The special meeting may be adjourned to another time or place, if necessary or appropriate, to permit further solicitation of proxies from the holders of
MB Financial preferred stock in favor of the preferred stockholder merger proposal or from the holders of MB Financial common stock in favor of the
common stockholder merger proposal and/or the charter amendment proposal.

If, at the special meeting, the number of shares of MB Financial preferred stock present in person or represented by proxy and voting in favor of the
preferred stockholder merger proposal is insufficient to approve the preferred stockholder merger proposal, MB Financial may move to adjourn the
special meeting in order to enable the MB Financial Board of Directors to solicit additional proxies for the approval of the preferred stockholder merger
proposal. Likewise, if the number of shares of MB Financial common stock present in person or represented by proxy and voting in favor of the
common stockholder merger proposal and/or the charter amendment proposal is insufficient to approve the common stockholder merger proposal and/or
the charter amendment proposal, MB Financial may move to adjourn the special meeting in order to enable the MB Financial Board of Directors to
solicit additional proxies for the approval of the common stockholder merger proposal and/or the charter amendment proposal.

In the preferred stockholder adjournment proposal, MB Financial is asking its preferred stockholders to authorize the holder of any proxy solicited by
the MB Financial Board of Directors to vote in favor of granting discretionary authority to the proxy holders, and each of them individually, to adjourn
the special meeting to another time and/or place for the purpose of soliciting additional proxies from the holders of MB Financial preferred stock for
approval of the preferred stockholder merger proposal. In the common stockholder adjournment proposal, MB Financial is asking its common
stockholders to authorize the holder of any proxy solicited by the MB Financial Board of Directors to vote in favor of granting discretionary authority to
the proxy holders, and each of them individually, to adjourn the special meeting to another time and/or place for the purpose of soliciting additional
proxies from the holders of MB Financial common stock for approval of the common stockholder merger proposal and/or the charter amendment
proposal. If the preferred stockholder adjournment proposal is approved and/or the common stockholder adjournment proposal is approved, MB
Financial could adjourn the special meeting and any adjourned session of the special meeting and use the additional time to solicit additional proxies
from the preferred stockholders and/or the common stockholders, as the case may be, including the solicitation of proxies from stockholders who have
previously voted. MB Financial does not intend to call a vote on adjournment of the special meeting to solicit additional proxies if the common
stockholder merger proposal is approved at the special meeting and either the preferred stockholder merger proposal is approved at the special meeting
or the charter amendment proposal is approved at the special meeting. Pursuant to the merger agreement, MB Financial is required to adjourn or
postpone the special meeting to solicit additional proxies if it has not received proxies representing a sufficient number of votes for the stockholder
approvals needed to complete the merger.

For the preferred stockholder adjournment proposal and the common stockholder adjournment proposal, holders of MB Financial preferred stock and
MB Financial common stock may vote “FOR,” “AGAINST” or “ABSTAIN.” Shares not present in person or by proxy at the special meeting will have
no effect on the preferred
 

42



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 53/219

Table of Contents

stockholder adjournment proposal or the common stockholder adjournment (assuming a quorum is present). An abstention will have no effect on the
preferred stockholder adjournment proposal or the common stockholder adjournment proposal, although it will be counted toward establishing a
quorum. If you hold depositary shares or shares through a broker, bank or other nominee and you do not instruct your broker, bank or other nominee on
how to vote your depositary shares or shares on the preferred stockholder adjournment proposal or the common stockholder adjournment proposal, your
broker, bank or other nominee will not vote your depositary shares or shares on the applicable adjournment proposal, which will have no effect on the
vote count for such proposal.

The MB Financial Board of Directors unanimously recommends that MB Financial preferred stockholders vote “FOR” the preferred
stockholder adjournment proposal (if necessary or appropriate) and that MB Financial common stockholders vote “FOR” the common
stockholder adjournment proposal (if necessary or appropriate).
 

43



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 54/219

Table of Contents

INFORMATION ABOUT THE COMPANIES

Fifth Third
38 Fountain Square Plaza
Cincinnati, Ohio 45263
Phone: (800) 972-3030

Fifth Third Bancorp is an Ohio business corporation that is registered as a bank holding company under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as
amended, and has elected to be treated as a financial holding company under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 and regulations of the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System. Fifth Third was organized in 1975. As of March 31, 2018 Fifth Third had consolidated total assets of
$142 billion and total deposits of $105.5 billion. Fifth Third and its subsidiaries had 18,125 full-time equivalent employees as of December 31, 2017.

Fifth Third is the parent holding company for Fifth Third Bank, its principal subsidiary, through which most of its banking services are provided.
Through Fifth Third Bank and certain other subsidiaries, Fifth Third provides a wide range of services, including checking, savings and money market
accounts, wealth management solutions, payments and commerce solutions, insurance services and credit products such as commercial loans and leases,
mortgage loans, credit cards, installment loans, and auto loans to individual, corporate, and institutional clients. Fifth Third serves individuals and
businesses through its commercial banking, branch banking, consumer lending, and wealth & asset management businesses. These products and services
are provided through 1,153 full-service banking centers and 2,469 Fifth Third-branded ATMs located throughout ten states: Florida, Georgia, Illinois,
Indiana, Kentucky, Michigan, North Carolina, Ohio, Tennessee and West Virginia.

Fifth Third Financial Corporation
38 Fountain Square Plaza
Cincinnati, Ohio 45263
Phone: (800) 972-3030

Intermediary is an Ohio corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Fifth Third. Intermediary was incorporated in 2001 and serves as the
intermediary holding company for all of Fifth Third’s subsidiaries, including Fifth Third Bank, its principal subsidiary.

MB Financial, Inc.
800 West Madison Street
Chicago, Illinois 60607
Phone: (888) 422-6562

MB Financial is a Maryland corporation and a financial holding company and a bank holding company under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956,
as amended. Its primary market is the Chicago metropolitan area, in which it operates 86 banking offices through its bank subsidiary, MB Financial
Bank. Through MB Financial Bank, MB Financial offers a broad range of financial services, primarily to small and middle market businesses and
individuals in the markets that it serves. As of March 31, 2018, on a consolidated basis, MB Financial had total assets of $20.2 billion, total deposits of
$15.0 billion, stockholders’ equity of $2.9 billion, and client assets under management or advisement of $8.2 billion in its wealth management group
(including $3.1 billion in its trust department and $5.1 billion in its bank-owned investment management firm, MSA Holdings, LLC, the parent
company of its registered investment advisors, MainStreet Investment Advisors, LLC and Cedar Hill Associates LLC).
 

44



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 55/219

Table of Contents

MB Financial’s business segments currently consist of banking, leasing and mortgage banking. Lines of business within the banking segment include
commercial banking, loans to leasing companies, retail banking, cards and bank sponsorships, and wealth management. The leasing segment provides a
full spectrum of lease and equipment finance solutions and related services to a wide variety of businesses on a national basis. In April 2018, MB
Financial reported that it planned to discontinue its national residential mortgage origination business. MB Financial plans to stop operating its mortgage
business as a defined segment prior to the fourth quarter of 2018. MB Financial also plans to continue originating residential mortgage loans in the
greater Chicago area and to retain its mortgage servicing asset as well as its mortgage servicing operation in Wilmington, Ohio. In addition, MB
Financial plans to continue holding residential mortgage loans on its balance sheet.
 

45



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 56/219

Table of Contents

THE MERGER

The following is a discussion of the merger and the material terms of the merger agreement between Fifth Third and MB Financial. You are urged to
read carefully the merger agreement in its entirety, a copy of which is attached as Appendix A to this proxy statement/prospectus and incorporated by
reference herein. This summary does not purport to be complete and may not contain all of the information about the merger agreement that is
important to you. We encourage you to read the merger agreement carefully and in its entirety. This section is not intended to provide you with any
factual information about Fifth Third or MB Financial. Such information can be found elsewhere in this proxy statement/prospectus and in the public
filings Fifth Third and MB Financial make with the SEC. See “Where You Can Find More Information” in the forepart of this proxy
statement/prospectus.

Terms of the Merger

Transaction Structure

Fifth Third’s, Intermediary’s and MB Financial’s Boards of Directors have approved the merger agreement and the merger. If the direct merger is
approved by MB Financial’s common stockholders and preferred stockholders, then the merger agreement provides for the acquisition of MB Financial
through the merger of MB Financial with and into Intermediary, with Intermediary continuing as the surviving corporation.

The merger agreement also provides that if the holders of MB Financial preferred stock do not approve the direct merger, but the holders of MB
Financial common stock approve the alternative merger and charter amendment, then the acquisition of MB Financial will instead be effected by the
merger of a newly-formed subsidiary of Fifth Third with and into MB Financial, with MB Financial surviving the alternative merger. Only if the direct
merger is not approved by the MB Financial preferred stockholders will the alternative merger occur instead of the direct merger, if the applicable
common stockholder approvals for the alternative merger and charter amendment are obtained.

Pursuant to the merger agreement, Fifth Third may at any time change the method of effecting the combination of Fifth Third and MB Financial.
However, no such change may (i) alter or change the amount or kind of the merger consideration or the number of shares of Fifth Third common stock
to be received by MB Financial’s common stockholders, (ii) adversely affect the tax treatment of Fifth Third shareholders or MB Financial stockholders,
(iii) adversely affect the tax treatment of MB Financial or (iv) materially impede or delay the consummation of the merger.

Merger Consideration

Each share of MB Financial common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the merger (other than shares owned by
MB Financial or Fifth Third), will be converted into the right to receive 1.45 Fifth Third common shares and $5.54 in cash. In the direct merger, each
share of MB Financial preferred stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the direct merger will automatically be
converted into a share of new Fifth Third preferred stock. The new Fifth Third preferred stock will have substantially similar terms as the MB Financial
preferred stock, except that the new Fifth Third preferred stock will have no voting rights (including upon an arrearage in the payment of dividends)
except as required by Ohio law and will have certain other differences consistent with Fifth Third’s currently outstanding series of preferred stock and its
articles of incorporation.

In the alternative merger, the holders of MB Financial common stock will receive the same merger consideration on the same terms as in the direct
merger, but the MB Financial preferred stock will not be converted into a share of the new Fifth Third preferred stock and will instead remain
outstanding and unchanged (except as noted in the next sentence) as preferred stock of MB Financial, which will be a subsidiary of Fifth Third. Pursuant
to the
 

46



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 57/219

Table of Contents

charter amendment, effective immediately prior to consummation of the alternative merger, the holders of MB Financial preferred stock will have the
right to vote with the holders of MB Financial common stock as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of such common stockholders. Upon
completion of the alternative merger, MB Financial will be a subsidiary of Fifth Third, who will control MB Financial as the sole holder of MB
Financial common stock. MB Financial preferred stockholders will vote with Fifth Third as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of Fifth
Third, as the sole common stockholder of MB Financial following completion of the alternative merger. Thus, the voting rights that would be conferred
upon the MB Financial preferred stockholders by the charter amendment would continue to apply with respect to MB Financial, and not Fifth Third,
following completion of the alternative merger.

Conversion of Shares; Exchange and Payment Procedures

At or prior to the closing, Fifth Third will deposit or cause to be deposited with an exchange agent designated by Fifth Third and reasonably acceptable
to MB Financial, for the benefit of the holders of shares of MB Financial common stock and MB Financial preferred stock, sufficient cash and Fifth
Third common shares and, if issuable, new Fifth Third preferred stock to be exchanged in accordance with the merger agreement, including the merger
consideration and payment of cash in lieu of fractional shares.

The conversion of MB Financial common stock into the right to receive the merger consideration and the conversion of the MB Financial preferred
stock into the new Fifth Third preferred stock, if issuable, will occur automatically at the effective time of the merger. As promptly as practicable after
the effective time of the merger, the exchange agent will exchange certificates representing shares of MB Financial common stock and, if applicable,
MB Financial preferred stock for the merger consideration or new Fifth Third preferred stock to be received in the merger pursuant to the terms of the
merger agreement.

Letters of Transmittal

As promptly as practicable after the effective time of the merger, but in any event within ten days thereafter, the exchange agent will send a letter of
transmittal to only those persons who were MB Financial stockholders immediately prior to the effective time of the merger. This mailing will contain
instructions on how to surrender shares of MB Financial common stock and, if applicable, MB Financial preferred stock in exchange for the merger
consideration or new Fifth Third preferred stock the holder is entitled to receive under the merger agreement. From and after the effective time, MB
Financial common stockholders who properly surrender their certificates or book entry shares to the exchange agent, together with a properly completed
and duly executed letter of transmittal, and such other documents as may be required pursuant to such instructions, will receive for each share of MB
Financial common stock 1.45 Fifth Third common shares, $5.54 in cash plus any cash payable in lieu of any fractional shares of Fifth Third common
shares, and any dividends or distributions such holder has the right to receive pursuant to the merger agreement. No interest will be paid or accrue on
any merger consideration or cash in lieu of fractional shares. From and after the effective time of the direct merger, MB Financial preferred stockholders
who properly surrender their certificates or book entry shares to the exchange agent, together with a properly completed and duly executed letter of
transmittal, and such other documents as may be required pursuant to such instructions, will receive for each share of MB Financial preferred stock a
share of the new Fifth Third preferred stock and any dividends or distributions such holder has the right to receive pursuant to the merger agreement.

In the alternative merger, the MB Financial preferred stock will not be converted into a share of the new Fifth Third preferred stock and will instead
remain outstanding as preferred stock of MB Financial, which will be a subsidiary of Fifth Third.

Dividends and Distributions

Until MB Financial common or preferred stock, if applicable, certificates or book entry shares are surrendered for exchange, any dividends or other
distributions with a record date after the effective time of the merger with
 

47



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 58/219

Table of Contents

respect to Fifth Third common shares or new Fifth Third preferred stock into which shares of MB Financial common stock or preferred stock may have
been converted will accrue but will not be paid. Fifth Third will pay to former MB Financial stockholders any unpaid dividends or other distributions,
without interest, only after they have duly surrendered their MB Financial stock certificates or book entry shares. After the effective time of the merger,
there will be no transfers on the stock transfer books of MB Financial of any shares of MB Financial common stock or MB Financial preferred stock. If
certificates representing shares of MB Financial common stock or preferred stock, if applicable, or book entry shares are presented for transfer after the
effective time of the merger, they will be cancelled and exchanged for the merger consideration or new Fifth Third preferred stock, if issuable, into
which the shares of MB Financial common stock or MB Financial preferred stock represented by that certificate or book entry share have been
converted.

Dissenting Shares

Under the Maryland General Corporation Law, the holders of MB Financial common stock and preferred stock will not have any appraisal rights with
respect to the merger.

Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Stock Certificates

If a certificate for MB Financial common stock or preferred stock has been lost, stolen or destroyed, the exchange agent will issue the merger
consideration or new Fifth Third preferred stock, if issuable, properly payable under the merger agreement upon receipt of appropriate evidence as to
that loss, theft or destruction, appropriate evidence as to the ownership of that certificate by the claimant, and appropriate and customary
indemnification.

Background of the Merger

As part of their efforts to enhance long-term value for their respective companies’ stockholders and other constituencies, the Boards of Directors of MB
Financial and Fifth Third have periodically evaluated the strategic direction and business objectives of their respective companies. This process has
entailed consideration of, among other things, strategic growth opportunities, the regulatory environment for financial institutions, economic and
financial market conditions, competition, as well as consolidation and other developments in the financial services industry.

It was in this context that Mitchell Feiger, President and Chief Executive Officer of MB Financial, met with Gregory Carmichael, President and Chief
Executive Officer of Fifth Third, and Timothy Spence, Executive Vice President of Payments, Strategy and Digital Solutions of Fifth Third, on May 6,
2016 at Mr. Spence’s suggestion. At this introductory meeting, the executives discussed the history, cultures and business models of their respective
companies. While the possibility of a strategic business combination was not discussed, the executives agreed to meet again in the future to learn more
about each other’s company. At the MB Financial Board of Directors meeting on May 25, 2016, Mr. Feiger briefed the board on his meeting with
Messrs. Carmichael and Spence.

On September 12, 2017, Messrs. Feiger and Spence met again in Mr. Feiger’s office. Similar to the meeting in 2016, they discussed their respective
companies and their strategies, with a specific emphasis on the Chicago banking environment and on some of MB Financial’s specialty business lines,
but a specific business combination transaction was not discussed. They agreed to continue the dialogue to learn more about each other’s company. At
the MB Financial Board of Directors meeting on September 27, 2017, Mr. Feiger briefed the MB Financial Board of Directors on his meeting with
Mr. Spence.

On October 25 through October 27, 2017, the MB Financial Board of Directors had its annual board strategic planning retreat. On October 25, 2017, a
representative from Sandler O’Neill attended a portion of the retreat to discuss with the board a wide range of topics including the current U.S.
economic outlook, the bank operating
 

48



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 59/219

Table of Contents

environment and M&A outlook, potential acquirors of MB Financial, potential merger of equals candidates and potential acquisition targets for MB
Financial. The board’s takeaway from the discussion was that the best opportunities for MB Financial in the near term would be to continue its organic
growth and profit improvement strategies as well as opportunistically acquire smaller banking institutions with high quality deposit bases in the Chicago
market or in the payments, cards or specialty finance businesses.

On November 22, 2017, Messrs. Carmichael, Spence and Feiger, together with Tayfun Tuzun, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of
Fifth Third, met for dinner. Similar to prior meetings, the executives discussed their respective companies. In addition, the Fifth Third executives
discussed the potential strategic benefits of a combination between MB Financial and Fifth Third. Mr. Carmichael expressed to Mr. Feiger Fifth Third’s
desire to proceed with discussions for a potential strategic combination and suggested that Mr. Feiger travel to Fifth Third’s corporate headquarters in
Cincinnati, Ohio to meet the Fifth Third executive management team and learn more about Fifth Third. At the MB Financial Board of Directors meeting
on December 13, 2017, Mr. Feiger briefed the board on the dinner meeting, including Fifth Third’s expression of interest in discussing a potential
business combination transaction, and received approval for him and Mark Hoppe, President and Chief Executive Officer of MB Financial Bank, to visit
Fifth Third.

On December 19, 2017, the Fifth Third board held a regularly scheduled meeting and the discussion included potential acquisition partners, including
MB Financial, and the strategic benefits and financial considerations of potential acquisitions.

On February 20, 2018, Messrs. Feiger and Hoppe visited Fifth Third headquarters and met with several members of the Fifth Third senior management
team. The executives reviewed in detail many of the strategic benefits of a combination including the unique opportunity to create a leading Chicago
bank, the benefits of combining their respective businesses and the complementary nature of many of their respective business segments. In addition, the
executives noted that the two organizations have a similar customer focus and complementary cultures. Furthermore, considering the overlap of the
branch networks and certain back office functions, the executives believed that the potential expense synergies in a merger would be significant. While
Fifth Third did not discuss a specific purchase price, its executives did provide their thoughts on an initial framework for a potential combination.
Mr. Feiger and Mr. Hoppe reported on this meeting to MB Financial’s Board of Directors on February 28, 2018 and provided board members with the
Fifth Third discussion materials that were reviewed. After a discussion regarding the potential strategic benefits of a potential combination with Fifth
Third, the board authorized Mr. Feiger to continue discussions with Fifth Third.

On February 27, 2018, the Fifth Third board met and the board continued its prior discussion of potential acquisition partners, including MB Financial,
with a review of the strategic benefits of potential acquisitions and the opportunity to create shareholder value for Fifth Third’s shareholders.

On March 1, 2018, MB Financial and Fifth Third entered into a mutual non-disclosure agreement and Mr. Feiger and Mr. Spence spoke telephonically to
update each other on their recent board meetings. Both executives noted that their respective boards recognized the strategic benefits of a potential
combination and approved continuing discussions and bringing in selected executives from each side. At such time, Mr. Feiger advised Mr. Spence that
if Fifth Third decided to propose a transaction that would attract interest from the MB Financial Board of Directors, then MB Financial would also
assess the interest of other parties in a possible acquisition.

On March 5, 2018, Mr. Feiger and Jill York, Executive Vice President of Specialty Banking and M&A of MB Financial, spoke by telephone with
Mr. Spence, James Leonard, Treasurer of Fifth Third, and Saema Somalya, Deputy General Counsel of Fifth Third. The discussion primarily covered a
proposed timeline to permit Fifth Third to form an initial view on transaction economics and the items that each side would provide for preliminary due
diligence and preliminary reverse due diligence. In addition, the executives scheduled a dinner meeting in Rosemont, Illinois and strategy session for
management to share more detailed information about their respective businesses.
 

49



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 60/219

Table of Contents

On March 10, 2018, MB Financial and Fifth Third provided each other with access to a secure data site for the commencement of due diligence by Fifth
Third and reverse due diligence by MB Financial.

On March 14, 2018, Mr. Feiger had a previously scheduled meeting with the senior management team of another potential interested party, which we
refer to as “Party A.” At the meeting, the Chief Executive Officer of Party A indicated that Party A would be interested in acquiring MB Financial if it
ever were to consider a sale.

On March 14, 2018, members of the senior management of MB Financial, Fifth Third and their respective banking subsidiaries had a dinner meeting in
Rosemont, Illinois. The following day the discussions continued in person and covered a wide range of topics including a review of each company’s
retail, wealth management, mortgage, commercial banking and leasing business lines, as well as critical risk functions, risk appetite, financial
performance, culture and core values. The MB Financial senior management team came away from the discussion with a view that the culture and core
values of the companies were compatible and there was strategic merit to continuing discussions.

On March 16, 2018, Mr. Spence had a follow up discussion with Ms. York to provide additional information on Fifth Third’s payments business.
Mr. Spence and Ms. York also exchanged feedback from the March 14 and 15, 2018 meetings. Key takeaways were that the two companies managed
risk in a similar way, that in addition to significant cost synergies, there were significant revenue enhancement opportunities and that the dialogue in the
meetings was collaborative.

On March 23, 2018, Mr. Feiger and Ms. York had a follow up telephone call with Messrs. Carmichael, Spence, Tuzun and Leonard to discuss Fifth
Third’s feedback from the management meetings and their initial view on transaction economics based on the preliminary due diligence information.
Mr. Carmichael shared that they were very positive on the opportunity and that a combined company would have a much more attractive presence in
Chicago. While there was significant information left to review, Fifth Third provided its initial views on a pricing framework for a transaction, which
included an illustrative 15% premium to MB Financial’s common stock trading price. Mr. Feiger and Ms. York asked questions regarding some of the
assumptions included in the Fifth Third analysis and provided some suggestions for additional financial analysis which might help Fifth Third increase
its pricing. Over the following week, Ms. York and Mr. Leonard continued to share information in order to refine the assumptions used by both sides in
their financial analysis of a potential transaction.

On March 28, 2018, Mr. Feiger, Ms. York, Mr. Tuzun and Mr. Leonard had a telephone call to discuss their respective financial models with the
objective of gaining an understanding of each side’s assumptions. Specific assumptions such as cost savings, transaction-related costs, estimated core
deposit intangible and other purchase accounting estimates were reviewed. In addition, Mr. Spence, Mr. Carmichael and Mr. Feiger continued to discuss
the purchase price premium framework and assumptions.

On March 29, 2018, Mr. Feiger had a telephone call with Mr. Carmichael, who reiterated Fifth Third’s desire to consummate a transaction with MB
Financial given the strategic benefits and indicated that Fifth Third could pay a 25% market premium and would add one MB Financial director to its
board of directors. Later that evening, the MB Financial Board of Directors held a conference call meeting to discuss the status of the discussions with
Fifth Third. Mr. Feiger and Ms. York provided an update regarding the recent discussions, a summary of potential transaction economics and a
comparison to MB Financial’s standalone internal projections under various interest rate scenarios. The potential transaction analyses were prepared
using a premium of 25% to MB Financial’s current common stock price. The MB Financial Board of Directors engaged in a robust discussion and
concluded that senior management should continue discussions with Fifth Third and requested that MB Financial’s financial advisor, Sandler O’Neill,
assist with MB Financial’s evaluation of a potential transaction with Fifth Third and MB Financial’s other strategic alternatives.

On March 30, 2018, Mr. Feiger, Ms. York and Randall Conte, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer of MB Financial, shared with
representatives of Sandler O’Neill relevant financial information gathered up to that point in time, including key transaction assumptions.
 

50



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 61/219

Table of Contents

On April 12, 2018, Mr. Feiger met with members of senior management of Party A. After discussing the banking business generally, and segments of
MB Financial’s banking business specifically, Party A representatives indicated an interest in commencing a dialogue regarding a possible acquisition of
MB Financial. Mr. Feiger indicated that he would discuss Party A’s possible interest in a transaction with the MB Financial Board of Directors and
provide the board’s response to Party A.

On April 14, 2018, Ms. York had a telephone conversation with Mr. Leonard and representatives from Fifth Third’s financial advisor. The purpose of the
call was to discuss certain financial assumptions relating to MB Financial’s future performance.

On April 19, 2018, Mr. Feiger spoke by telephone with the head of corporate strategy of Party A, who indicated that while Party A would like to move
forward with acquisition discussions, Party A would prefer to wait until the summer which would be better timing for Party A.

On April 20, 2018, Messrs. Feiger and Spence had a phone call to discuss transaction terms. Mr. Spence indicated that Fifth Third would be willing to
offer a 25% market premium, which equated to an implied price of $53.03 per MB Financial common share based on the prior day’s closing price of
Fifth Third common stock. The consideration would be all stock or, at MB Financial’s election, up to 10% in cash. Fifth Third also re-affirmed its offer
to add one MB Financial director to its board of directors.

On April 21, 2018, the MB Financial Board of Directors convened a telephonic meeting. All board members were in attendance as well as
representatives of Sandler O’Neill and a representative of the law firm of Silver, Freedman, Taff & Tiernan LLP, which we refer to as “Silver
Freedman.” At the meeting, representatives of Sandler O’Neill reviewed with the MB Financial Board of Directors the financial aspects of Fifth Third’s
25% premium to market pricing proposal, in an all-stock transaction, based on various financial metrics, as well as the potential capacity to pay of Fifth
Third and certain other institutions, including Party A, based on publicly available information. Sandler O’Neill observed that the proposed pricing in
Fifth Third’s offer was at the higher end of pricing ranges for recent transactions. Sandler O’Neill also concluded that the proposed pricing reflected
serious interest on the part of Fifth Third to complete a transaction with MB Financial. After discussion, including an update on the possible interest of
Party A, the MB Financial Board of Directors instructed senior management to continue discussions with Fifth Third and to contact Party A to
determine whether Party A would be interested in pursuing a potential transaction at this time. The MB Financial Board of Directors also instructed
Sandler O’Neill to contact two other parties, including Party B (selected in consultation with Sandler O’Neill based on their size and expected ability to
pay a transaction premium as well as their potential level of interest in pursuing a transaction with MB Financial), on a no names basis, to assess their
interest in a possible transaction in the Midwest. After the board meeting, Mr. Feiger contacted the head of corporate strategy of Party A to determine
whether Party A would be interested in pursuing a transaction with MB Financial, on an immediate and accelerated timetable. Party A’s representative
confirmed Party A’s interest in a possible transaction, the parties entered into a mutual non-disclosure agreement and Party A was granted access to a
secure data site to commence its due diligence.

From April 22, 2018 through May 17, 2018, Fifth Third continued its due diligence and Party A performed its due diligence on MB Financial, which
included access to information on secure data sites, in person meetings and telephonic communications with MB Financial management. During this
period MB Financial performed reverse due diligence on both Fifth Third and Party A.

On April 23, 2018, Sandler O’Neill contacted two other parties, including Party B, on a no names basis, to assess their interest in a possible commercial
bank transaction in the Midwest. The contacted parties, including Party B initially, indicated that they would not be interested at the present time in
pursuing a transaction due to timing issues among other factors.

On April 24, 2018, the members of the MB Financial Board of Directors received additional and updated information from Sandler O’ Neill for
discussion relating to Fifth Third’s oral offer, which included, among other
 

51



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 62/219

Table of Contents

information, MB Financial’s standalone common stock implied value under various scenarios; a comparison of Fifth Third’s oral offer to recent
transaction precedents and MB Financial’s standalone common stock implied value, potential market reaction based upon the earn back period of
tangible book value dilution, and other potential benefits and risks associated with a transaction with Fifth Third; and the potential capacity to pay of
Party A and Party B as well as the other parties considered by Sandler O’Neill in its assessment of possible interest by other suitors.

On April 25, 2017, the MB Financial Board of Directors held its regularly scheduled board meeting, which was also attended in person by
representatives of Sandler O’Neill and a representative of Silver Freedman. The representatives of Sandler O’Neill discussed financial matters relating
to MB Financial under various standalone scenarios and a possible transaction with Fifth Third. The directors and representatives of Sandler O’Neill
also discussed a possible transaction with Party A, including, among other things, Party A’s apparent capacity to pay. Sandler O’Neill informed the
board that Party A was expected to provide an oral indication of pricing and consideration mix by April 29, 2018. The representative of Silver Freedman
reviewed with the directors the applicable legal standards in connection with the board’s review of potential strategic alternatives, including a potential
merger. After further discussion, it was the consensus of the board that the oral offer provided by Fifth Third was sufficient to merit continuing the
strategic discussions with Fifth Third, Party A and other possible suitors. At the conclusion of the meeting, the board instructed Silver Freedman to draft
a form of definitive agreement for submission to interested parties.

During the evening of April 25, 2018, Mr. Feiger had dinner with Messrs. Carmichael, Tuzun and Spence and two independent directors of MB
Financial. At the dinner meeting, the Fifth Third representatives shared their ideas for the combined company and reasons why Fifth Third would be a
good partner for MB Financial. Before the meeting concluded, Mr. Feiger advised the Fifth Third representatives that he expected other interested
parties to join the sale process.

On April 27, 2018, Party B contacted Sandler O’Neill to express its interest in a possible acquisition of a Midwestern commercial bank if the potential
target was MB Financial. A draft mutual non-disclosure agreement was provided by MB Financial to Party B on the same day.

On April 28, 2018, Party A submitted its initial oral indication of pricing and consideration mix to MB Financial. The proposal provided for pricing of
$54.00 per MB Financial common share with a cash component of $0.5 billion to $2.0 billion and the remaining consideration in Party A’s common
stock. The exchange ratio for the stock portion of the consideration would be calculated prior to deal signing.

On April 29, 2018, the MB Financial Board of Directors held a telephonic meeting to discuss and evaluate Party A’s proposal. Sandler O’Neill presented
updated materials to include an analysis of Party A’s indication of pricing and consideration mix. After a review of the Sandler O’Neill materials and a
discussion of other potential benefits and risks of a transaction with Party A, the board authorized management to continue the pursuit of a possible
transaction with both Fifth Third and Party A.

On April 30, 2018, Sandler O’Neill had discussions with the financial advisors to Fifth Third and Party A relating to the first draft of a definitive
agreement. Each of Fifth Third and Party A indicated a preference for its outside counsel to prepare the initial draft, which in the case of Fifth Third had
already been started by its counsel.

On May 1, 2018, Party B and MB Financial signed a mutual non-disclosure agreement and Party B was granted access to a secure data site to commence
its due diligence on MB Financial.

From May 1, 2018 through May 13, 2018, Party B conducted due diligence on a secure data site and through communications with Sandler O’Neill and
MB Financial management.
 

52



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 63/219

Table of Contents

On May 4, 2018, representatives of Silver Freedman had telephone conferences with outside counsel to each of Fifth Third and Party A relating to
expectations with respect to the substance of the definitive agreement being drafted by each counsel and the timing for receipt of the initial draft.

On May 9, 2018, outside counsel to Party A provided an initial draft of a definitive agreement to Silver Freedman. From that point through May 16,
2018, Silver Freedman and outside counsel to Party A exchanged additional drafts of the definitive agreement and participated in discussions and
negotiations relating thereto.

On the evening of May 10, 2018, the Fifth Third board met and discussed with management and Fifth Third’s advisors the potential transaction with MB
Financial, including the potential strategic benefits and financial considerations. After full discussion, the board authorized management to proceed with
further negotiations.

Thereafter on May 10, 2018, Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP, which we refer to as “Simpson Thacher,” counsel to Fifth Third, provided an initial draft
of a definitive agreement to Silver Freedman. From that point through May 20, 2018, Silver Freedman and Simpson Thacher exchanged multiple revised
drafts of the definitive agreement and participated in discussions and negotiations with respect to each draft.

On May 12, 2018, Sandler O’Neill spoke by phone with a representative of Party A and relayed to Party A MB Financial’s offer of the opportunity to
speak with or present to the MB Financial Board of Directors. The representative of Party A notified Sandler O’Neill that they would consider MB
Financial’s offer and would notify Sandler O’Neill if Party A decided to accept that invitation.

On May 14, 2018, Party B advised Sandler O’Neill that it would not be providing an indication of interest to acquire MB Financial due in large part to
the expectation, based in part on its discussions with Sandler O’Neill, that transaction pricing would need to be well above precedent medians.

On the evening of May 14, 2018 and the morning of May 15, 2018, the Fifth Third board met and discussed with management and its advisors the status
of the negotiations as well as the results of the ongoing due diligence review of MB Financial. At the conclusion of these meetings, the Fifth Third board
authorized management to submit an updated proposal to MB Financial and enter into further negotiations with respect to a business combination
transaction.

On May 15, 2018, Messrs. Carmichael, Tuzun and Spence made an in person presentation to members of the MB Financial Board of Directors relating
to the strategic benefits of a combination between the parties and answered questions of the directors relating to Fifth Third and its business. At that
meeting, Fifth Third provided pricing of a fixed exchange ratio of 1.427 shares of Fifth Third common stock plus $5.40 in cash for each MB Financial
common share, representing an implied value of $53.95 per share based on Fifth Third’s closing price on May 14, 2018.

On May 15, 2018, in response to a request from Sandler O’Neill, on behalf of MB Financial, for updated pricing, Party A provided updated pricing and
consideration mix of $54.00 per MB Financial common share with the cash component of the aggregate consideration being equal to $1.2 billion and the
remainder of the aggregate consideration to be in Party A common stock based on an exchange ratio to be calculated and fixed prior to deal signing.

On May 16, 2018, the MB Financial Board of Directors held a meeting, which was also attended in person by representatives of Sandler O’Neill and
representatives of Silver Freedman. Sandler O’Neill provided updated information and analysis relating to the competing offers of Fifth Third and Party
A. After review and discussion of the updated information and analysis, it was the consensus of the board that the proposals of both Fifth Third and
Party A presented MB Financial common stockholders with significant value when compared to MB Financial’s standalone valuation with its current
strategy. The directors then discussed their views with respect to each proposal. A representative of Silver Freedman then reviewed with the directors
their fiduciary duties under
 

53



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 64/219

Table of Contents

Maryland law with respect to their evaluation of the competing proposals. After a full discussion relating to both proposals, which included extensive
dialogue by the board members with representatives of Sandler O’Neill, it was the consensus of the board that the Fifth Third proposal was the superior
proposal based on the strength and potential upside of its common stock (and the greater percentage of its offer comprised of common stock, compared
to Party A), as well as Fifth Third’s complementary business model and operating fit with MB Financial and greater opportunity for significant cost
savings and synergies. The board then instructed Sandler O’Neill to solicit best and final offers from both parties, and to also request two seats on Fifth
Third’s Board of Directors, reflecting the pro forma equity ownership of the MB Financial’s stockholders in the combined company. The meeting then
adjourned with the understanding that it would be reconvened the same evening. At the reconvened meeting, representatives of Sandler O’Neill
informed the board that Fifth Third was willing to improve its pricing to a fixed exchange ratio of 1.450 shares of Fifth Third common stock plus $5.54
in cash for each MB Financial common share, representing an implied value of $55.35 per share based on Fifth Third’s closing price on May 16, 2018
and Fifth Third was willing to add two members of the MB Financial board to its board. Further, representatives of Sandler O’Neill informed the board
that Party A had increased its offer to $56.00 per MB Financial common share. The increased offer by Party A represented an implied value of $0.65 per
share greater than the implied value per share of the Fifth Third offer at such time. After extensive discussion, the board authorized management and its
advisors to proceed with Fifth Third given the higher expected long-term value to MB Financial’s stockholders from the Fifth Third proposal, based on
the factors discussed above, when compared to the proposal from Party A. The MB Financial Board of Directors authorized management and its
advisors to finalize an acceptable definitive agreement with Fifth Third, subject to MB Financial completing its reverse due diligence on Fifth Third.

On May 18, 2018, through an email to Sandler O’Neill, Party A formally withdrew its interest to acquire MB Financial. Later that day, MB Financial
entered into an exclusivity agreement with Fifth Third through May 22, 2018.

Early on May 20, 2018, the MB Financial Board of Directors held a telephonic meeting to consider and vote on the final terms of the proposed
transaction with Fifth Third. A representative of Silver Freedman reviewed the execution version of the definitive merger agreement with the board
including the minor changes that had been made from the draft previously provided to the directors. Representatives of Sandler O’Neill then orally
delivered an opinion to the MB Financial Board of Directors to the effect that as of May 20, 2018, the merger consideration was fair to holders of MB
Financial common stock from a financial point of view. The board then unanimously approved the merger agreement, the merger and the other
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, and authorized management to execute and deliver the merger agreement.

Also on May 20, 2018, the Fifth Third board met with management and its advisors to consider and vote on the final terms of the proposed transaction
with MB Financial. After discussion, the board voted to approve the merger agreement, the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the
merger agreement, and authorized management to execute and deliver the merger agreement. That evening the merger agreement was executed by the
parties.

On May 21, 2018, the transaction was announced in a joint press release before the opening of stock markets in New York.

Recommendation of the MB Financial Board of Directors and Reasons for the Merger

In reaching its decision to approve the merger agreement, the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, and to
recommend that MB Financial preferred stockholders approve the preferred stockholder merger proposal and that MB Financial common stockholders
approve the common stockholder merger proposal and the charter amendment proposal, the MB Financial Board of Directors evaluated the merger
agreement, the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement in consultation with MB
 

54



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 65/219

Table of Contents

Financial management, as well as MB Financial’s financial and legal advisors, and considered a number of factors, including the following:
 

 •  each of MB Financial’s and Fifth Third’s business, operations, financial condition, asset quality, earnings and prospects;
 

 
•  the complementary capabilities of the two companies, including MB Financial’s commercial expertise and strong credit culture and Fifth

Third’s strengths in large corporate lending, capital markets, wealth management and the payments business;
 

 
•  the similarities in culture and operating strategies of MB Financial and Fifth Third, including a shared focus on building a low cost and

stable funding base, growing fee income and investing in human capital;
 

 
•  the anticipated economies of scale for the combined company, including investments in technology, higher lending limits and expanded

product offerings;
 

 
•  the anticipated pro forma financial impact of the merger on the combined company, including the expected impact on earnings, return on

assets, return on equity, tangible book value dilution (and earn-back period), and regulatory capital levels;
 

 
•  the current and prospective environment in which MB Financial and Fifth Third operate, including national and local economic conditions,

the interest rate environment, the competitive and regulatory environments for financial institutions generally, and the likely effect of these
factors on MB Financial both with and without the merger;

 

 

•  the form of merger consideration, including the cash consideration, which would ensure that a portion of the value of the merger
consideration would not be subject to potential downward fluctuations in the price of Fifth Third common stock, and the fact that most of
the merger consideration would be in stock and with a fixed exchange ratio, which would allow MB Financial’s common stockholders to
participate in the future performance of the combined company;

 

 
•  the fact that the implied value of the merger consideration as of May 18, 2018 of approximately $54.20 for each share of MB Financial

common stock, based on Fifth Third’s closing stock price of $33.56 on that date, represented a 24.2% premium over the closing price of MB
Financial’s common stock of $43.65 on May 18, 2018;

 

 
•  the historical performance of Fifth Third common stock, Fifth Third common stock’s liquidity in terms of average daily trading volume and

the level of future cash dividends anticipated to be received by MB Financial’s common and preferred stockholders;
 

 •  Fifth Third’s record of performance over a substantial period of time and throughout various economic cycles, including its earnings record;
 

 •  the soundness of Fifth Third’s financial condition and asset quality;
 

 
•  publicly available information regarding Fifth Third’s regulatory status and Fifth Third’s statement that it was unaware of any meaningful

obstacle to regulatory approvals on a reasonably timely basis;
 

 •  the expected tax treatment of the merger, taken together, as a “reorganization” for United States federal income tax purposes;
 

 
•  the size of the termination fee in relation to the overall transaction size, and the requirement that MB Financial submit the proposal to

approve the merger to its stockholders even if the MB Financial Board of Directors has withdrawn its recommendation in favor of such
proposal;

 

 
•  the opinion of Sandler O’Neill, MB Financial’s financial advisor, dated May 20, 2018, delivered to the MB Financial Board of Directors to

the effect that, as of such date, and based upon and subject to the various factors, assumptions and limitations set forth in such opinion, the
merger consideration to be

 
55



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 66/219

Table of Contents

 
received by the holders of MB Financial common stock in the merger was fair to such holders from a financial point of view, as more fully
described below under “Opinion of MB Financial’s Financial Advisor”;

 

 
•  the fact that Fifth Third already has an established presence in the Chicago area and its plans to increase its commitment to the area as a

result of the merger;
 

 
•  Fifth Third’s record of service to its communities as exemplified by its “Outstanding” rating on its most recent Community Reinvestment

Act performance evaluation;
 

 
•  the review undertaken by the MB Financial Board of Directors and management, with the assistance of financial and legal advisors, with

respect to the strategic alternatives available to MB Financial, including:
 

 

•  the merits of a competing proposal that would have provided per share consideration to the holders of MB Financial common stock
with an implied value of $0.65 higher than the implied value of the merger consideration on May 16, 2018, the date on which the
MB Financial Board of Directors determined that the merger was the better overall transaction, which competing proposal was
withdrawn on May 18, 2018;

 

 •  the value of MB Financial as an independent company;
 

 
•  the capital and earnings available to MB Financial as an independent company, at the time and as expected in the future, to pursue

various business and strategic initiatives; and
 

 
•  the challenges facing MB Financial as an independent institution and the MB Financial Board of Directors’ belief that combining

with a larger financial institution would benefit MB Financial’s stockholders, customers and communities;
 

 

•  the fact that the merger agreement provides that MB Financial may take certain actions in response to an unsolicited bona fide written
acquisition proposal under specific circumstances, in the event that the MB Financial Board of Directors makes a good faith determination
(in accordance with the merger agreement and after consultation with MB Financial’s outside legal counsel and financial advisor) that the
failure to take such actions would more likely than not result in a violation of its fiduciary duties under applicable law;

 

 •  the other terms of the merger agreement and their comparability to those in other recent consolidation transactions;
 

 •  its review and discussions with MB Financial’s management concerning the due diligence examination of Fifth Third;
 

 
•  the potential risks associated with successfully integrating MB Financial’s business, operations and workforce with those of Fifth Third,

including the costs and risks of successfully integrating the two companies;
 

 
•  the potential risk of diverting management attention and resources from the operation of MB Financial’s and Fifth Third’s respective

businesses and towards the completion of the merger and the integration of the two companies;
 

 
•  the nature and amount of payments expected to be received by MB Financial’s management in connection with the merger, as described

under “The Merger—Interests of MB Financial Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger”;
 

 
•  the likelihood that Fifth Third will be able to obtain requisite regulatory approvals for the transaction on a timely basis, based on MB

Financial management’s discussions with Fifth Third; and
 

 
•  the anticipated continued participation of certain of MB Financial’s directors, officers and employees in the combined company, including

the expectation that Mitchell Feiger, MB Financial’s President
 

56



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 67/219

Table of Contents

 

and Chief Executive Officer, will become Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Fifth Third Chicago Region, that other key members of
the MB Financial leadership team will join Fifth Third and that two MB Financial directors will be appointed to the Fifth Third Board of
Directors, which enhances the likelihood that the strategic benefits that MB Financial expects to achieve as a result of the merger will be
realized and that the benefits and talents that MB Financial brings to the combined company will be appropriately valued and effectively
utilized.

The foregoing discussion of the information and factors considered by the MB Financial Board of Directors is not intended to be exhaustive, but
includes the material factors considered by the MB Financial Board of Directors. In reaching its decision to approve the merger agreement, the merger
and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, the MB Financial Board of Directors did not quantify or assign any relative weights to
the factors considered, and individual directors may have given different weights to different factors. The MB Financial Board of Directors considered
all these factors as a whole, including discussions with MB Financial’s management and MB Financial’s financial and legal advisors, and overall
considered the factors to be favorable to, and to support, its determination.

The foregoing discussion of the information and factors considered by the MB Financial Board of Directors is forward-looking in nature. This
information should be read in light of the factors described under the section entitled “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.”

For the reasons set forth above, the MB Financial Board of Directors determined that the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the
merger agreement are advisable and in the best interests of MB Financial and its stockholders, and approved the merger agreement and the transactions
contemplated thereby. The MB Financial Board of Directors recommends that holders of MB Financial common stock vote “FOR” the common
stockholder merger proposal, “FOR” the charter amendment proposal, “FOR” the merger-related compensation proposal and “FOR” the common
stockholder adjournment proposal (if necessary or appropriate), and recommends that holders of MB Financial preferred stock vote “FOR” the preferred
stockholder merger proposal and “FOR” the preferred stockholder adjournment proposal (if necessary or appropriate).

Certain MB Financial Prospective Financial Information

MB Financial has made limited public disclosure of forecasts or projections of its expected financial performance because of, among other things, the
inherent difficulty of accurately predicting financial performance for future periods and the inherent uncertainty of the underlying assumptions.
However, MB Financial management provided Sandler O’Neill with certain nonpublic unaudited prospective financial information prepared by MB
Financial management that was utilized by Sandler O’Neill for purposes of financial analyses performed in connection with its fairness opinion, as
described under “—Opinion of MB Financial’s Financial Advisor” beginning on page 59. A summary of certain significant elements of this information
is set forth below and is included in this proxy statement/prospectus solely because such information was made available to Sandler O’Neill in
connection with its fairness opinion. The information included below does not comprise all of the prospective financial information provided by MB
Financial to Sandler O’Neill.

The prospective financial information for MB Financial reflects numerous estimates and assumptions with respect to industry performance, general
business, economic, regulatory, market and financial conditions and other future events, as well as matters specific to MB Financial’s business, all of
which are inherently uncertain and difficult to predict and many of which are beyond MB Financial’s control. The prospective financial information is
subjective in many respects and thus is susceptible to multiple interpretations and periodic revisions based on actual experience and business
developments. The prospective financial information may also be affected by MB Financial’s ability to achieve strategic goals, objectives and targets
over the applicable periods. As such, the prospective financial information constitutes forward-looking information and is subject to risks and
uncertainties, including the risks and uncertainties described under “Risk Factors,” beginning on page 27, “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-
Looking Statements,” beginning on page 25, and in MB
 

57



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 68/219

Table of Contents

Financial’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 and the other reports filed by MB Financial with the SEC that are
incorporated by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus, as described under “Incorporation of Certain Documents by Reference,” beginning on
page 133.

The prospective financial information for MB Financial was generally not prepared with a view toward public disclosure or complying with GAAP, the
published guidelines of the SEC regarding forward-looking statements or the guidelines established by the American Institute of Certified Public
Accountants for preparation and presentation of prospective financial information. Neither MB Financial’s independent registered public accounting
firm, nor any other independent accountants, have compiled, examined or performed any procedures with respect to the prospective financial
information included below, nor have they expressed any opinion or any other form of assurance on such information or its achievability, and they
assume no responsibility for, and disclaim any association with, the prospective financial information. Furthermore, the prospective financial
information does not take into account any circumstances or events occurring after the date it was prepared.

You are strongly cautioned not to place undue reliance on the prospective financial information set forth below. The inclusion of the prospective
financial information in this proxy statement/prospectus should not be regarded as an indication that any of MB Financial, Fifth Third or their respective
affiliates, advisors or representatives considered or consider the prospective financial information to be necessarily predictive of actual future events,
and the prospective financial information should not be relied upon as such. None of MB Financial, Fifth Third or their respective affiliates, advisors or
representatives can give any assurance that actual results will not differ from the prospective financial information, and none of them undertakes any
obligation to update or otherwise revise or reconcile the prospective financial information to reflect circumstances existing after the date such
information was prepared or to reflect the occurrence of future events even in the event that any or all of the assumptions underlying the prospective
financial information are shown to be in error or to reflect changes in general economic or industry conditions. None of MB Financial, Fifth Third or
their respective affiliates, advisors or representatives makes any representation to any stockholder regarding the projections.

In light of the foregoing, and considering that the special meeting will be held several months after the prospective financial information was prepared,
as well as the uncertainties inherent in any forecasted information, MB Financial’s stockholders are cautioned not to place unwarranted reliance on such
information, and Fifth Third and MB Financial urge all stockholders to review MB Financial’s most recent SEC filings for a description of MB
Financial’s reported financial results. See “Where You Can Find More Information” in the forepart of this proxy statement/prospectus and
“Incorporation of Certain Documents by Reference,” beginning on page 133.

The prospective financial information summarized in this section is not being included in this proxy statement/prospectus in order to induce any MB
Financial stockholder to vote in favor of any of the proposals to be voted on at the special meeting.

The following table presents summary selected unaudited prospective financial information of MB Financial prepared by MB Financial’s management.
This information excludes the results of MB Financial’s national residential mortgage origination business, which MB Financial is in the process of
exiting, along with the related exit costs.
 

   
At or For the Years Ending

December 31,  
   2018   2019  
Total Assets (in thousands)   $21,125,140  $22,599,483 
Net Income (in thousands)   $ 259,524  $ 315,235 
Return on Average Assets    1.33%  1.49% 
Return on Average Tangible Common Equity    14.79%  16.11% 
Earnings Per Common Share—Diluted   $ 3.06  $ 3.71 

 
58



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 69/219

Table of Contents

Opinion of MB Financial’s Financial Advisor

MB Financial retained Sandler O’Neill to act as financial advisor to MB Financial’s Board of Directors in connection with MB Financial’s consideration
of a possible business combination. MB Financial selected Sandler O’Neill as its financial advisor because Sandler O’Neill is a nationally recognized
investment banking firm whose principal business specialty is financial institutions. In the ordinary course of its investment banking business, Sandler
O’Neill is regularly engaged in the valuation of financial institutions and their securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions and other corporate
transactions.

Sandler O’Neill acted as financial advisor to MB Financial in connection with the proposed merger and participated in certain of the negotiations
leading to the execution of the merger agreement. At the May 20, 2018 meeting at which MB Financial’s Board of Directors considered the merger
agreement, Sandler O’Neill delivered to the board its oral opinion, which was subsequently confirmed in writing on May 20, 2018, to the effect that, as
of such date, the merger consideration was fair to the holders of MB Financial common stock from a financial point of view. The full text of Sandler
O’Neill’s opinion is attached as Appendix B to this proxy statement/prospectus. The opinion outlines the procedures followed, assumptions
made, matters considered and qualifications and limitations on the review undertaken by Sandler O’Neill in rendering its opinion. The
description of the opinion set forth below is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the opinion. Holders of MB Financial
common stock are urged to read the entire opinion carefully in connection with their consideration of the proposed merger.

Sandler O’Neill’s opinion speaks only as of the date of the opinion. The opinion was directed to MB Financial’s Board of Directors in
connection with its consideration of the merger agreement and the merger and does not constitute a recommendation to any stockholder of MB
Financial as to how such stockholder should vote at any meeting of stockholders called to consider and vote upon the approval of the merger.
Sandler O’Neill’s opinion was directed only to the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the merger consideration to the holders of MB
Financial common stock and did not address the underlying business decision of MB Financial to engage in the merger, the form or structure of
the merger or the other transactions contemplated in the merger agreement, the relative merits of the merger as compared to any other
alternative transactions or business strategies that might exist for MB Financial or the effect of any other transaction in which MB Financial
might engage. Sandler O’Neill also did not express any opinion as to the amount of compensation to be received in the merger by any MB Financial or
Fifth Third officer, director, or employee, or class of such persons, if any, relative to the amount of compensation to be received by any other
stockholder. Sandler O’Neill’s opinion was approved by Sandler O’Neill’s fairness opinion committee.

In connection with its opinion, Sandler O’Neill reviewed and considered, among other things:
 

 •  A draft of the merger agreement, dated as of May 20, 2018;
 

 
•  Certain publicly available financial statements and other historical financial information of MB Financial that Sandler O’Neill deemed

relevant;
 

 
•  Certain publicly available financial statements and other historical financial information of Fifth Third that Sandler O’Neill deemed

relevant;
 

 
•  Internal financial projections for MB Financial for the years ending December 31, 2018 through December 31, 2022, as provided by the

senior management of MB Financial;
 

 

•  Publicly available median analyst earnings per share estimates for Fifth Third for the years ending December 31, 2018 through
December 31, 2020 and an estimated long-term annual earnings growth rate for the years thereafter, as provided by the senior management
of MB Financial, as well as an estimated dividend payout ratio and estimated share buyback ratios as provided by the senior management of
Fifth Third;

 
59



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 70/219

Table of Contents

 

•  The pro forma financial impact of the merger on Fifth Third based on certain assumptions relating to transaction expenses, purchase
accounting adjustments and cost savings, as provided by the senior management of Fifth Third, as well as publicly available median
consensus analyst earnings per share estimates for MB Financial for the years ending December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2019 and a
long-term annual earnings growth rate for the years thereafter, as provided by the senior management of MB Financial;

 

 
•  The publicly reported historical price and trading activity for MB Financial common stock and Fifth Third common stock, including a

comparison of certain stock market information for MB Financial common stock and Fifth Third common stock and certain stock indices as
well as publicly available information for certain other similar companies, the securities of which were publicly traded;

 

 
•  A comparison of certain financial information for MB Financial and Fifth Third with similar institutions for which information was publicly

available;
 

 •  The financial terms of certain recent business combinations in the banking industry (on a nationwide basis), to the extent publicly available;
 

 •  The current market environment generally and the banking environment in particular; and
 

 
•  Such other information, financial studies, analyses and investigations and financial, economic and market criteria as Sandler O’Neill

considered relevant.

Sandler O’Neill also discussed with certain members of senior management of MB Financial the business, financial condition, results of operations and
prospects of MB Financial and held similar discussions with certain members of senior management of Fifth Third and its representatives regarding the
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of Fifth Third.

In performing its review, Sandler O’Neill relied upon the accuracy and completeness of all of the financial and other information that was available to
and reviewed by Sandler O’Neill from public sources, that was provided to Sandler O’Neill by MB Financial or Fifth Third, or their respective
representatives, or that was otherwise reviewed by Sandler O’Neill and Sandler O’Neill assumed such accuracy and completeness for purposes of
rendering its opinion without any independent verification or investigation. Sandler O’Neill further relied on the assurances of the respective senior
managements of MB Financial and Fifth Third that they were not aware of any facts or circumstances that would make any of such information
inaccurate or misleading. Sandler O’Neill was not asked to undertake, and did not undertake, an independent verification of any of such information and
Sandler O’Neill did not assume any responsibility or liability for the accuracy or completeness thereof. Sandler O’Neill did not make an independent
evaluation or perform an appraisal of the specific assets, the collateral securing assets or the liabilities (contingent or otherwise) of MB Financial or Fifth
Third, or any of their respective subsidiaries, and Sandler O’Neill was not furnished with any evaluations or appraisals prepared by others. Sandler
O’Neill rendered no opinion or evaluation on the collectability of any assets or the future performance of any loans of MB Financial or Fifth Third or
any of their respective subsidiaries. Sandler O’Neill did not make an independent evaluation of the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses of MB
Financial or Fifth Third, or the combined entity after the merger, and did not review any individual credit files relating to MB Financial or Fifth Third or
any of their respective subsidiaries. Sandler O’Neill assumed, with MB Financial’s consent, that the respective allowances for loan losses for both MB
Financial and Fifth Third were adequate to cover such losses and would be adequate on a pro forma basis for the combined entity.

In preparing its analyses, Sandler O’Neill used internal financial projections for MB Financial for the years ending December 31, 2018 through
December 31, 2022, as provided by the senior management of MB Financial. In addition, in preparing its analyses Sandler O’Neill used publicly
available median analyst earnings per share estimates for Fifth Third for the years ending December 31, 2018 through December 31, 2020 and an
estimated long-term annual earnings growth rate for the years thereafter, as provided by the senior management of MB Financial, as well as an estimated
dividend payout ratio and estimated share buyback ratios as provided by the
 

60



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 71/219

Table of Contents

senior management of Fifth Third. Sandler O’Neill also received and used in its pro forma analyses certain assumptions relating to transaction expenses,
purchase accounting adjustments and cost savings, as provided by the senior management of Fifth Third, as well as publicly available median consensus
analyst earnings per share estimates for MB Financial for the years ending December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2019 and a long-term annual earnings
growth rate for the years thereafter, as provided by the senior management of MB Financial. With respect to the foregoing information, the respective
senior managements of MB Financial and Fifth Third confirmed to us that such information reflected (or, in the case of the publicly available median
analyst estimates referred to above, were consistent with) the best currently available projections, estimates and judgment of those respective senior
managements as to the future financial performance of MB Financial and Fifth Third, respectively, and the other matters covered thereby, and Sandler
O’Neill assumed that the future financial performance reflected in such information would be achieved. Sandler O’Neill expressed no opinion as to such
projections, estimates or judgments, or the assumptions on which they were based. Sandler O’Neill also assumed that there was no material change in
MB Financial’s or Fifth Third’s assets, financial condition, results of operations, business or prospects since the date of the most recent financial
statements made available to Sandler O’Neill. Sandler O’Neill assumed in all respects material to its analysis that MB Financial and Fifth Third would
remain as going concerns for all periods relevant to its analyses.

Sandler O’Neill also assumed, with MB Financial’s consent, that (i) each of the parties to the merger agreement would comply in all material respects
with all material terms and conditions of the merger agreement and all related agreements, that all of the representations and warranties contained in
such agreements were true and correct in all material respects, that the parties to such agreements would perform in all material respects all of the
covenants and other obligations required to be performed by such party under such agreements and that the conditions precedent in such agreements
were and would not be waived, (ii) in the course of obtaining the necessary regulatory or third party approvals, consents and releases with respect to the
merger, no delay, limitation, restriction or condition would be imposed that would have an adverse effect on MB Financial, Fifth Third or the benefits
contemplated by the merger or any related transactions, and (iii) the merger and any related transactions would be consummated in accordance with the
terms of the merger agreement without any waiver, modification or amendment of any material term, condition or agreement thereof and in compliance
with all applicable laws and other requirements. With MB Financial’s consent, Sandler O’Neill relied upon the advice that MB Financial received from
its legal, accounting and tax advisors as to all legal, accounting and tax matters relating to the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the
merger agreement. Sandler O’Neill expressed no opinion as to any such matters.

Sandler O’Neill’s analyses and opinion were necessarily based on financial, economic, market and other conditions as in effect on, and the information
made available to Sandler O’Neill as of, the date of its opinion. Events occurring after the date of the opinion could materially affect Sandler O’Neill’s
opinion. Sandler O’Neill has not undertaken to update, revise, reaffirm or withdraw its opinion or otherwise comment upon events occurring after the
date thereof. Sandler O’Neill expressed no opinion as to the trading values of MB Financial common stock or Fifth Third common stock at any time or
what the value of Fifth Third common stock would be once it is actually received by the holders of MB Financial common stock.

In rendering its opinion, Sandler O’Neill performed a variety of financial analyses. The summary below is not a complete description of all the analyses
underlying Sandler O’Neill’s opinion or the presentation made by Sandler O’Neill to MB Financial’s Board of Directors, but is a summary of the
material analyses performed and presented by Sandler O’Neill. The summary includes information presented in tabular format. In order to fully
understand the financial analyses, these tables must be read together with the accompanying text. The tables alone do not constitute a complete
description of the financial analyses. The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process involving subjective judgments as to the most
appropriate and relevant methods of financial analysis and the application of those methods to the particular circumstances. The process, therefore, is not
necessarily susceptible to a partial analysis or summary description. Sandler O’Neill believes that its analyses must be considered as a whole and that
selecting portions of the factors and analyses to be considered without considering all factors and analyses, or attempting to ascribe relative weights to
some or all such factors and
 

61



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 72/219

Table of Contents

analyses, could create an incomplete view of the evaluation process underlying its opinion. Also, no company included in Sandler O’Neill’s comparative
analyses described below is identical to MB Financial or Fifth Third and no transaction is identical to the merger. Accordingly, an analysis of
comparable companies or transactions involves complex considerations and judgments concerning differences in financial and operating characteristics
of the companies and other factors that could affect the public trading values or merger transaction values, as the case may be, of MB Financial and Fifth
Third and the companies to which they were compared. In arriving at its opinion, Sandler O’Neill did not attribute any particular weight to any analysis
or factor that it considered. Rather, Sandler O’Neill made qualitative judgments as to the significance and relevance of each analysis and factor. Sandler
O’Neill did not form an opinion as to whether any individual analysis or factor (positive or negative) considered in isolation supported or failed to
support its opinion, rather, Sandler O’Neill made its determination as to the fairness of the merger consideration to the holders of MB Financial common
stock on the basis of its experience and professional judgment after considering the results of all its analyses taken as a whole.

In performing its analyses, Sandler O’Neill also made numerous assumptions with respect to industry performance, business and economic conditions
and various other matters, many of which cannot be predicted and are beyond the control of MB Financial, Fifth Third, and Sandler O’Neill. The
analyses performed by Sandler O’Neill are not necessarily indicative of actual values or future results, both of which may be significantly more or less
favorable than suggested by such analyses. Sandler O’Neill prepared its analyses solely for purposes of rendering its opinion and provided such analyses
to MB Financial’s Board of Directors at its May 20, 2018 meeting. Estimates on the values of companies do not purport to be appraisals or necessarily
reflect the prices at which companies or their securities may actually be sold. Such estimates are inherently subject to uncertainty and actual values may
be materially different. Accordingly, Sandler O’Neill’s analyses do not necessarily reflect the value of MB Financial common stock or Fifth Third
common stock or the prices at which MB Financial or Fifth Third common stock may be sold at any time. The analyses of Sandler O’Neill and its
opinion were among a number of factors taken into consideration by MB Financial’s Board of Directors in making its determination to approve the
merger agreement and the analyses described below should not be viewed as determinative of the decision of MB Financial’s Board of Directors with
respect to the fairness of the merger.

Summary of Proposed Merger Consideration and Implied Transaction Metrics. Sandler O’Neill reviewed the financial terms of the proposed
transaction. Sandler O’Neill calculated an implied purchase price per share of $54.20, or an aggregate implied transaction value of approximately
$4.653 billion, consisting of the sum of (i) the implied value of 1.45 shares of Fifth Third common stock based on the closing price of Fifth Third
common stock on May 18, 2018 plus (ii) $5.54. Based upon financial information for MB Financial as of or for the most recent available completed
quarter (“MRQ”) ended March 31, 2018, the publicly available median consensus analyst 2018 earnings per share estimate for MB Financial, 2018
internal financial projections for MB Financial as provided by the senior management of MB Financial and the closing price of MB Financial common
stock on May 18, 2018, Sandler O’Neill calculated the following implied transaction metrics:
 

Implied Purchase Price Per Share / MRQ Core EPS Annualized¹    21.2x 
Implied Purchase Price Per Share / Median Consensus Analyst 2018E Earnings Per Share    19.2x 
Implied Purchase Price Per Share / Management Forecast 2018E Earnings Per Share    17.7x 
Implied Purchase Price Per Share / March 31, 2018 Book Value Per Share    166% 
Implied Purchase Price Per Share / March 31, 2018 Tangible Book Value Per Share    271% 
Tangible Book Premium / Core Deposits² (“Core Deposit Premium”)    22.4% 
Market Premium as of May 18, 2018    24.2% 

 
1 MRQ Core EPS Annualized reflected diluted operating earnings per common share for the first quarter of 2018, as reported by MB Financial,

annualized.
2 Core Deposits defined as deposits less time deposits with a balance of at least $100,000 and brokered deposits.
 

62



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 73/219

Table of Contents

Stock Trading History. Sandler O’Neill reviewed the historical publicly reported trading prices of MB Financial common stock and Fifth Third
common stock for the three-year periods ended May 18, 2018. Sandler O’Neill then compared the relationship between the movements in the price of
MB Financial common stock and Fifth Third common stock, respectively, to movements in their respective peer groups (as described below) as well as
certain stock indices.

MB Financial’s Three-Year Stock Performance
 

   
Beginning Value

May 18, 2015   
Ending Value
May 18, 2018 

MB Financial    100%   137.6% 
NASDAQ Bank Index    100%   155.4% 
MB Financial Peers    100%   140.4% 

Fifth Third’s Three-Year Stock Performance
 

   
Beginning Value

May 18, 2015   
Ending Value
May 18, 2018 

Fifth Third    100%   163.5% 
NASDAQ Bank Index    100%   155.4% 
Fifth Third Peers    100%   141.7% 

Comparable Company Analyses. Sandler O’Neill used publicly available information to compare selected financial information for MB Financial with
a group of financial institutions selected by Sandler O’Neill. The MB Financial peer group included 17 United States banks headquartered in the
continental 48 states with securities publicly traded on major United States exchanges and assets between $15.0 billion and $25.0 billion, but excluded
targets of announced merger transactions. The MB Financial peer group consisted of the following companies:
 
BancorpSouth Bank   Prosperity Bancshares, Inc.
Bank of the Ozarks   Simmons First National Corporation
Cathay General Bancorp   TCF Financial Corporation
Chemical Financial Corporation   Texas Capital Bancshares, Inc.
Commerce Bancshares, Inc.   UMB Financial Corporation
Fulton Financial Corporation   United Bankshares, Inc.
Old National Bancorp   Washington Federal, Inc.
PacWest Bancorp   Western Alliance Bancorporation
Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc.   

The analysis compared publicly available financial information for MB Financial with corresponding data for the MB Financial peer group as of or for
the twelve months ended March 31, 2018 (unless otherwise indicated), with pricing data as of May 18, 2018. The table below sets forth the data for MB
Financial and the high, low, mean, and median data for the MB Financial peer group. Certain financial data prepared by Sandler O’Neill, as referenced
in the table presented below, may not correspond to the data presented in MB Financial’s historical financial statements, as a result of the different
periods, assumptions and methods used by Sander O’Neill to compute the financial data presented.
 

63



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 74/219

Table of Contents

MB Financial Comparable Company Analysis
 

  
MB

Financial¹  

Peer
Group
High   

Peer
Group
Low   

Peer
Group
Mean   

Peer
Group
Median  

Total Assets ($ millions)  $20,168  $24,611  $15,597  $20,348  $20,761 
Loans / Deposits   93.1%   108.9%   57.6%   91.1%   94.3% 
Non-Performing Assets² / Total Assets   0.36%   0.84%   0.05%   0.45%   0.41% 
Tangible Common Equity / Tangible Assets³   8.9%   13.2%   7.8%   9.5%   9.4% 
CET 1 Ratio   9.5%   15.7%   8.8%   11.6%   11.2% 
Total Risk Based Capital Ratio   13.6%   17.0%   11.2%   13.6%   13.3% 
LTM Return on Average Assets (“ROAA”)   1.54%   2.20%   0.67%   1.24%   1.24% 
LTM Return on Average Tangible Common Equity4 (“ROATCE”)   20.5%   19.1%   9.3%   13.4%   13.8% 
LTM Net Interest Margin   3.69%   5.09%   3.15%   3.79%   3.59% 
LTM Efficiency Ratio   64.1%   68.3%   34.6%   52.9%   51.0% 
Stock Price / Tangible Book Value   216%   326%   163%   237%   234% 
Stock Price / MRQ Annualized Earnings Per Share   16.8x   18.0x   13.5x   15.5x   15.4x 
Stock Price / Mean Analyst 2018E Earnings Per Share   15.5x   17.9x   12.9x   14.7x   14.3x 
Stock Price / Mean Analyst 2019E Earnings Per Share   13.2x   17.2x   11.3x   13.5x   13.4x 
Current Dividend Yield   2.2%   4.5%   0.0%   2.0%   1.9% 
Market Capitalization ($ millions)  $ 3,669  $ 6,885  $ 2,716  $ 4,461  $ 3,993 
 
1 Per MB Financial’s public filings, as applicable; normalized for the one-time impact of tax reform, MB Financial’s LTM ROAA and LTM

ROATCE were approximately 1.00% and 13.5%, respectively. MRQ Annualized Earnings Per Share for MB Financial were based on diluted
operating earnings per common share for the first quarter of 2018, as reported by MB Financial, annualized.

2 Excluded restructured loans.
3 Tangible Common Equity / Tangible Assets ratio was based on prior quarter data in the case of Cathay General Bancorp.
4 LTM ROATCE was sourced from regulatory filings in the case of TCF Financial Corporation and Simmons First National Corporation and was

based on prior quarter data in the case of Cathay General Bancorp.

Sandler O’Neill used publicly available information to perform a similar analysis for Fifth Third by comparing selected financial information for Fifth
Third with a group of financial institutions selected by Sandler O’Neill. The Fifth Third peer group included 10 United States banks with securities
publicly traded on major United States exchanges and assets between $75.0 billion and $500.0 billion, but excluded Northern Trust Corp., State Street
Corp., Bank of New York Mellon Corp. and Capital One Financial. The Fifth Third peer group consisted of the following companies:
 
BB&T Corporation   M&T Bank Corporation
Citizens Financial Group, Inc.   PNC Financial Services Group, Inc.
First Republic Bank   Regions Financial Corporation
Huntington Bancshares Inc.   SunTrust Banks, Inc.
KeyCorp   U.S. Bancorp

The analysis compared publicly available financial information for Fifth Third with corresponding data for the Fifth Third peer group as of or for the
twelve months ended March 31, 2018 (unless otherwise indicated), with pricing data as of May 18, 2018. The table below sets forth the data for Fifth
Third and the high, low, mean, and median data for the Fifth Third peer group. Certain financial data prepared by Sandler O’Neill, as referenced in the
table presented below, may not correspond to the data presented in Fifth Third’s historical financial statements, as a result of the different periods,
assumptions and methods used by Sander O’Neill to compute the financial data presented.
 

64



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 75/219

Table of Contents

Fifth Third Comparable Company Analysis
 

  
Fifth

Third¹   
Peer Group

High   

Peer
Group
Low   

Peer Group
Mean   

Peer Group
Median  

Total Assets ($ millions)  $141,500  $460,119  $90,224  $199,140  $145,251 
Loans / Deposits   87.2%   96.3%   80.5%   88.2%   88.7% 
Non-Performing Assets² / Total Assets   0.37%   0.81%   0.05%   0.42%   0.40% 
Tangible Common Equity / Tangible Assets   8.9%   9.0%   7.5%   8.1%   8.1% 
CET 1 Ratio   10.8%   11.2%   9.0%   10.3%   10.4% 
Total Risk Based Capital Ratio   15.3%   14.4%   12.5%   13.5%   13.7% 
LTM Return on Average Assets   1.84%   1.48%   0.94%   1.21%   1.19% 
LTM Return on Average Tangible Common Equity³   20.0%   18.7%   11.7%   14.6%   13.9% 
LTM Net Interest Margin   3.07%   3.56%   2.90%   3.22%   3.18% 
LTM Efficiency Ratio   55.4%   62.4%   55.1%   59.0%   59.0% 
Stock Price / Tangible Book Value   186%   271%   153%   220%   213% 
Stock Price / MRQ Annualized Earnings Per Share   14.7x   21.7x   13.2x   15.2x   13.6x 
Stock Price / Mean Analyst 2018E Earnings Per Share   13.6x   20.3x   11.9x   13.8x   13.3x 
Stock Price / Mean Analyst 2019E Earnings Per Share   12.4x   17.8x   10.8x   12.6x   12.4x 
Current Dividend Yield   1.9%   2.9%   0.7%   2.1%   2.2% 
Market Capitalization ($ millions)  $ 23,005  $ 83,026  $15,879  $ 34,954  $ 23,953 
 
1 Per Fifth Third’s public filings, core LTM ROAA, core LTM ROATCE and core LTM efficiency ratio were 1.11%, 11.7% and 63.7%, respectively.

MRQ Annualized Earnings Per Share for Fifth Third were based on core diluted earnings per share for the first quarter of 2018, as reported by
Fifth Third, annualized.

2 Excluded restructured loans.
3 LTM ROATCE was sourced from regulatory filings in the case of PNC Financial Services Group, Inc., Citizens Financial Group, Inc., KeyCorp

and Regions Financial Corporation.

Analysis of Precedent Transactions. Sandler O’Neill reviewed a group of selected merger and acquisition transactions (the “Precedent Transactions”).
The Precedent Transactions included 10 United States bank transactions announced between January 1, 2012 and May 18, 2018 with target company
assets between $8.0 billion and $40.0 billion, but excluded the Toronto-Dominion Bank / Scottrade Bank transaction, TIAA Board of Overseers /
EverBank Financial Corp transaction and CIT Group Inc. / IMB HoldCo LLC transaction.

The Precedent Transactions were composed of the following transactions:
 
Acquiror   Target
First Horizon National Corp.   Capital Bank Financial Corp
Sterling Bancorp   Astoria Financial Corp.
Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce   PrivateBancorp Inc.
Huntington Bancshares Inc.   FirstMerit Corp.
KeyCorp   First Niagara Financial Group
BB&T Corp.   National Penn Bancshares Inc.
Royal Bank of Canada   City National Corp.
BB&T Corp.   Susquehanna Bancshares Inc.
First Citizens BancShares Inc.   First Citizens Bancorp.
Umpqua Holdings Corp.   Sterling Financial Corp.
PacWest Bancorp   CapitalSource Inc.
FirstMerit Corp.   Citizens Republic Bancorp Inc.

Using the latest publicly available information prior to the announcement of the relevant transaction, Sandler O’Neill reviewed the following transaction
metrics: transaction price to last-twelve-months earnings per share,
 

65



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 76/219

Table of Contents

transaction price to estimated one-year forward earnings per share (to the extent publicly available), transaction price to tangible book value per share,
core deposit premium (to the extent publicly available), and 1-day market premium. Sandler O’Neill compared the indicated transaction metrics for the
merger to the high, low, mean and median metrics of the Precedent Transactions.
 

   

Fifth Third
/ MB

Financial1   

Precedent
Transactions

High   

Precedent
Transactions

Low   

Precedent
Transactions

Mean   

Precedent
Transactions

Median  
Transaction price/LTM earnings per share2    21.2x   35.4x   14.2x   21.0x   19.2x 
Transaction price/Estimated one-year forward EPS    19.2x   21.3x   14.0x   18.6x   19.1x 
Transaction price/Tangible book value per share    271%   265%   118%   181%   169% 
Core deposit premium³    22.4%   35.4%   1.5%   12.6%   9.9% 
1-Day market premium4    24.2%   40.4%   (2.9%)   21.0%   18.6% 
 
1 Indicated transaction metrics for the merger were based on the implied purchase price per share of $54.20, diluted operating earnings per common

share for the first quarter of 2018, as reported by MB Financial, annualized for 2018, the publicly available median consensus analyst 2018
earnings per share estimate for MB Financial, financial information for MB Financial as of or for the quarter ended March 31, 2018 and the
closing price of MB Financial common stock on May 18, 2018.

² Excluded the multiples of the PacWest Bancorp/CapitalSource Inc. and FirstMerit Corp./Citizens Republic Bancorp Inc. transactions as not
meaningful.

3 Excluded the multiples of the Sterling Bancorp/Astoria Financial Corp. and FirstMerit Corp./Citizens Republic Bancorp Inc. transactions as not
meaningful.

4 Excluded the premium of the Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce/PrivateBancorp Inc. transaction as not meaningful.

Net Present Value Analyses. Sandler O’Neill performed an analysis that estimated the net present value per share of MB Financial common stock,
assuming MB Financial performed in accordance with internal financial projections for MB Financial for the years ending December 31, 2018 through
December 31, 2022, as provided by the senior management of MB Financial. To approximate the terminal value of MB Financial common stock at
December 31, 2022, Sandler O’Neill applied price to 2022 earnings multiples ranging from 14.0x to 18.0x and multiples of December 31, 2022 tangible
book value ranging from 200% to 275%. The terminal values were then discounted to present values using different discount rates ranging from 8.5% to
11.5%, which were chosen to reflect different assumptions regarding required rates of return of holders or prospective buyers of MB Financial common
stock. As illustrated in the following tables, the analysis indicated an imputed range of values per share of MB Financial common stock of $46.87 to
$66.95 when applying multiples of earnings and $45.26 to $68.73 when applying multiples of tangible book value.

Imputed Present Values per Share Based on Earnings Multiples:
 

Discount Rate   14.0x   15.0x   16.0x   17.0x   18.0x
  8.5%   $53.11   $56.57   $60.03   $63.49   $66.95
  9.0%     52.00     55.39     58.77     62.16     65.55
  9.5%     50.92     54.23     57.55     60.86     64.17
10.0%     49.87     53.11     56.35     59.60     62.84
10.5%     48.84     52.01     55.19     58.36     61.54
11.0%     47.84     50.95     54.05     57.16     60.27
11.5%     46.87     49.91     52.95     55.99     59.03

 
66



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 77/219

Table of Contents

Imputed Present Values per Share Based on Tangible Book Multiples
 

Discount Rate   200%   215%   230%   245%   260%   275%
  8.5%   $51.27   $54.76   $58.25   $61.74   $65.23   $68.73
  9.0%     50.20     53.62     57.03     60.45     63.86     67.28
  9.5%     49.16     52.50     55.84     59.19     62.53     65.87
10.0%     48.15     51.42     54.69     57.96     61.23     64.50
10.5%     47.16     50.36     53.56     56.76     59.96     63.16
11.0%     46.19     49.33     52.46     55.59     58.73     61.86
11.5%     45.26     48.32     51.39     54.46     57.52     60.59

Sandler O’Neill also considered and discussed with the MB Financial Board of Directors how this analysis would be affected by changes in the
underlying assumptions, including variations with respect to earnings. To illustrate this impact, Sandler O’Neill performed a similar analysis, assuming
MB Financial’s earnings varied from 15% above estimates to 15% below estimates. This analysis resulted in the following range of per share values for
MB Financial common stock, applying the price to 2022 earnings multiples range of 14.0x to 18.0x referred to above and a discount rate of 10.00%.

Imputed Present Values per Share Based on Earnings Multiples
 

Annual Estimate
Variance  14.0x  15.0x  16.0x  17.0x  18.0x
(15.0%)  $43.06  $45.81  $48.57  $51.33  $54.08
(10.0%)    45.33    48.24    51.16    54.08    57.00
  (5.0%)    47.60    50.68    53.76    56.84    59.92
  0.0%    49.87    53.11    56.35    59.60    62.84
  5.0%    52.14    55.54    58.95    62.35    65.76
10.0%    54.41    57.97    61.54    65.11    68.68
15.0%    56.68    60.41    64.14    67.86    71.59

Sandler O’Neill also performed an analysis that estimated the net present value per share of Fifth Third common stock, assuming that Fifth Third
performed in accordance with publicly available median analyst earnings per share estimates for Fifth Third for the years ending December 31, 2018
through December 31, 2020 and an estimated annual earnings growth rate for Fifth Third for the years ending December 31, 2021 and December 31,
2022, as provided by MB Financial senior management, and also assuming an estimated dividend payout ratio and estimated share buyback ratios as
provided by Fifth Third senior management. To approximate the terminal value of Fifth Third common stock at December 31, 2022, Sandler O’Neill
applied price to 2022 earnings multiples ranging from 13.0x to 16.0x and multiples of December 31, 2022 tangible book value ranging from 175% to
275%. The terminal values were then discounted to present values using different discount rates ranging from 8.0% to 11.0%, which were chosen to
reflect different assumptions regarding required rates of return of holders or prospective buyers of Fifth Third common stock. As illustrated in the
following tables, the analysis indicated an imputed range of values per share of Fifth Third common stock of $30.44 to $41.57 when applying multiples
of earnings and $29.25 to $49.87 when applying multiples of tangible book value.
 

67



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 78/219

Table of Contents

Imputed Present Values per Share Based on Earnings Multiples:
 

Discount Rate  13.00x  13.75x  14.50x  15.25x  16.00x
  8.0%  $34.46  $36.24  $38.02  $39.79  $41.57
  8.5%    33.75    35.48    37.22    38.96    40.70
  9.0%    33.05    34.75    36.45    38.15    39.85
  9.5%    32.37    34.03    35.70    37.36    39.03
10.0%    31.71    33.34    34.97    36.59    38.22
10.5%    31.06    32.66    34.25    35.85    37.44
11.0%    30.44    32.00    33.56    35.12    36.68

Imputed Present Values per Share Based on Tangible Book Multiples
 

Discount Rate  175%  200%  225%  250%  275%
  8.0%  $33.10  $37.30  $41.49  $45.68  $49.87
  8.5%    32.42    36.52    40.62    44.72    48.82
  9.0%    31.75    35.76    39.77    43.79    47.80
  9.5%    31.10    35.03    38.95    42.88    46.80
10.0%    30.47    34.31    38.15    41.99    45.83
10.5%    29.85    33.61    37.37    41.13    44.89
11.0%    29.25    32.93    36.61    40.29    43.97

Sandler O’Neill also considered and discussed with the MB Financial Board of Directors how this analysis would be affected by changes in the
underlying assumptions, including variations with respect to earnings. To illustrate this impact, Sandler O’Neill performed a similar analysis assuming
Fifth Third’s earnings varied from 15% above estimates to 15% below estimates. This analysis resulted in the following range of per share values for
Fifth Third common stock, applying the price to 2022 earnings multiples range of 13.00x to 16.00x referred to above and a discount rate of 9.5%.

Imputed Present Values per Share Based on Earnings Multiples:
 

Annual Estimate
Variance  13.00x  13.75x  14.50x  15.25x  16.00x
(15.0%)  $28.04  $29.46  $30.87  $32.29  $33.70
(10.0%)    29.48    30.98    32.48    33.98    35.48
  (5.0%)    30.93    32.51    34.09    35.67    37.25
  0.0%    32.37    34.03    35.70    37.36    39.03
  5.0%    33.81    35.56    37.31    39.06    40.80
10.0%    35.26    37.09    38.92    40.75    42.58
15.0%    36.70    38.61    40.53    42.44    44.35

Sandler O’Neill noted that the net present value analysis is a widely used valuation methodology, but the results of such methodology are highly
dependent upon the numerous assumptions that must be made, and the results thereof are not necessarily indicative of actual values or future results.

Pro Forma Merger Analysis. Sandler O’Neill analyzed certain potential pro forma effects of the merger, assuming the merger closes at the end of the
fourth calendar quarter of 2018. Sandler O’Neill utilized the following information and assumptions: (a) publicly available median analyst earnings per
share estimates for Fifth Third for the years ending December 31, 2018 through December 31, 2020, and an estimated long-term annual earnings growth
rate for Fifth Third for the years thereafter as provided by the senior management of MB Financial, and an estimated dividend payout ratio and
estimated share buyback ratios as provided by Fifth Third senior management; (b) publicly available median consensus analyst earnings per share
estimates for MB
 

68



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 79/219

Table of Contents

Financial for the years ending December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2019 and an estimated long-term annual earnings growth rate for MB Financial for
the years thereafter as provided by MB Financial senior management; and (c) certain assumptions relating to transaction expenses, purchase accounting
adjustments and cost savings, as provided by Fifth Third senior management. The analysis indicated that the merger could be accretive to Fifth Third’s
estimated earnings per share (excluding one-time transaction costs and expenses) in the years ending December 31, 2019 through December 31, 2023
and dilutive to Fifth Third’s estimated tangible book value per share at close and at December 31, 2019, December 31, 2020, December 31, 2021,
December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2023.

In connection with this analysis, Sandler O’Neill considered and discussed with the MB Financial Board of Directors how the analysis would be affected
by changes in the underlying assumptions, including the impact of final purchase accounting adjustments determined at the closing of the merger, and
noted that the actual results achieved by the combined company may vary from projected results and the variations may be material.

Sandler O’Neill’s Relationship. Sandler O’Neill is acting as MB Financial’s financial advisor in connection with the merger and will receive a fee for
such services, which fee is contingent upon the closing of the merger, in an amount currently estimated to be approximately $25.0 million. Sandler
O’Neill also received a $3 million fee from MB Financial for rendering its opinion, which opinion fee will be credited in full towards the transaction fee
becoming payable to Sandler O’Neill upon closing of the merger. MB Financial has also agreed to indemnify Sandler O’Neill against certain claims and
liabilities arising out of Sandler O’Neill’s engagement and to reimburse Sandler O’Neill for certain of its out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection
with Sandler O’Neill’s engagement.

In the two years preceding the date of Sandler O’Neill’s opinion, Sandler O’Neill provided certain other investment banking services to MB Financial.
Most recently, Sandler O’Neill acted as (i) financial advisor to MB Financial in connection with MB Financial’s acquisition of American Chartered
Bancorp, Inc., which transaction closed in August 2016, (ii) book manager in connection with MB Financial’s offer and sale of preferred stock, which
transaction closed in November 2017, and (iii) book manager in connection with MB Financial’s banking subsidiary’s offer and sale of subordinated
debt, which transaction closed in November 2017. Sandler O’Neill did not provide any investment banking services to Fifth Third in the two years
preceding the date of Sandler O’Neill’s opinion. In the ordinary course of Sandler O’Neill’s business as a broker-dealer, Sandler O’Neill may purchase
securities from and sell securities to MB Financial, Fifth Third and their respective affiliates. Sandler O’Neill may also actively trade the equity and debt
securities of MB Financial and Fifth Third or their respective affiliates for Sandler O’Neill’s own account and for the accounts of its customers.

Fifth Third’s Board of Directors’ Reasons for the Merger

Fifth Third’s reasons for entering into the merger agreement include:
 

 •  the opportunity to bolster Fifth Third’s Chicago presence in a well-known, attractive banking market;
 

 •  the opportunity to accelerate Fifth Third’s Chicago region expansion strategy;
 

 •  the opportunity to market Fifth Third’s broader product suite and drive deeper product penetration within MB Financial’s client base;
 

 •  the opportunity to increasingly support MB Financial’s clients and prospects with Fifth Third’s larger balance sheet; and
 

 
•  the opportunity to invest Fifth Third’s capital in a transaction that is expected to be earnings accretive and generate attractive returns by

realizing sizeable cost synergies.

Fifth Third’s Board of Directors unanimously approved the merger agreement after Fifth Third’s senior management discussed with the board of
directors a number of factors, including those described above and the
 

69



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 80/219

Table of Contents

business, assets, liabilities, results of operations, financial performance, strategic direction and prospects of MB Financial. Fifth Third’s Board of
Directors did not consider it practicable to, and did not attempt to, quantify or otherwise assign relative weights to the specific factors it considered in
reaching its determination. Fifth Third’s Board of Directors viewed its position as being based on all the information and the factors presented to and
considered by it. In addition, individual directors may have given different weights to different information and factors.

It should be noted that this explanation of the Fifth Third Board of Directors’ reasoning and all other information presented in this section is forward-
looking in nature, and therefore should be read in light of the factors discussed under the heading “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements” beginning on page 25.

Management and Board of Directors of Fifth Third After the Merger

Pursuant to the merger agreement, Fifth Third has agreed to appoint to its Board of Directors, as of the effective time of the merger, two members of the
MB Financial Board of Directors as mutually agreed by Fifth Third and MB Financial. At least one of the two directors so appointed must be an
independent director of MB Financial. Fifth Third agreed to include these two directors in the slate of directors at the next annual meeting of Fifth
Third’s shareholders to occur after the effective time of the merger. As of the date of this proxy statement/prospectus, MB Financial and Fifth Third have
not selected any members of MB Financial’s Board of Directors for appointment to the Fifth Third Board of Directors. Information regarding current
directors of Fifth Third and MB Financial, including biographical information, compensation and stock ownership, can be found in each of Fifth Third’s
and MB Financial’s proxy statements for their respective 2018 annual meetings of stockholders, which are filed with the SEC and incorporated by
reference into this proxy statement/prospectus. See “Where You Can Find More Information” in the forepart of this proxy statement/prospectus.

Interests of MB Financial Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger

In considering the recommendations of the MB Financial Board of Directors, MB Financial stockholders should be aware that certain directors and
executive officers of MB Financial have interests in the merger that may be different from, or in addition to, the interests of MB Financial stockholders
generally. These interests are described below. The MB Financial Board of Directors was aware of these interests and considered them, among other
matters, in approving the merger agreement and in recommending that MB Financial preferred stockholders approve the preferred stockholder merger
proposal and that MB Financial common stockholders approve the common stockholder merger proposal and the charter amendment proposal. The
completion of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement will constitute a change in control for purposes of all MB Financial agreements
and plans described below.

Certain Assumptions

Except as otherwise specifically noted, for purposes of quantifying the potential payments and benefits described in this section, the following
assumptions were used:
 

•  the relevant price per share of MB Financial common stock is $50.41, which is the average closing price per share of MB Financial’s common
stock as quoted on the NASDAQ over the first five business days following the first public announcement of the merger on May 21, 2018;

 

•  the effective time is January 31, 2019, which is the assumed date of the closing of the merger solely for purposes of the disclosure in this section;
 

•  annual bonuses for 2018 are earned at 100% of target and the number of shares of MB Financial common stock earned under outstanding
performance share unit awards is equal to the maximum of 175% of the performance share units covered by the award;

 
70



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 81/219

Table of Contents

•  the employment of each executive officer of MB Financial is terminated without cause or due to resignation for good reason (as such terms are
defined in the relevant MB Financial plans and agreements), in each case immediately following the assumed effective time of January 31, 2019;
and

 

•  the service of each non-employee director of MB Financial is terminated immediately following the effective time.

The description included below, including quantification of potential payments and benefits, does not take into account certain other compensation
actions that MB Financial is permitted to take prior to the completion of the merger, as described in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—
Covenants and Agreements—Conduct of Businesses Prior to the Completion of the Merger” beginning on page 86 of this proxy statement/prospectus.

MB Financial Equity Awards

MB Financial has granted equity awards to its executive officers and directors under its Third Amended and Restated Omnibus Incentive Plan (which
we refer to as the “MB Financial Omnibus Incentive Plan”). The MB Financial Omnibus Incentive Plan provides that unvested awards do not
automatically vest in the event of a change in control so long as the awards are continued as a qualifying replacement award after the change in control.
A replacement award qualifies if the award has a value at least equal to the replaced award, the award relates to publicly-traded securities of the
successor following the change in control, and the award has terms and conditions (such as vesting and time of payment) not less favorable than in effect
prior to the change in control. However, vesting, exercisability and payment of the replacement awards will accelerate in the event of an involuntary
termination of employment (including a resignation for good reason) under circumstances in which severance benefits become payable or upon
cessation of service as a director. If not replaced by a qualifying replacement award, the vesting and payment of the MB Financial equity awards would
accelerate upon the change in control.

The merger agreement provides that Fifth Third will assume the MB Financial stock option, restricted stock, restricted stock unit and performance share
unit awards outstanding at the effective time as described below, and that each assumed award will qualify as a replacement award.

Treatment of Outstanding Stock Options. At the effective time, each outstanding and unexercised option granted by MB Financial to purchase
shares of MB Financial common stock will be converted into an option, on the same terms and conditions, including vesting, as were applicable
prior to the merger, to purchase a number of Fifth Third common shares (rounded down to the nearest whole share) equal to the product of (a) the
number of shares of MB Financial common stock subject to such option and (b) the Fifth Third equity award exchange ratio, with an exercise
price per Fifth Third common share (rounded up to the nearest whole cent) equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the exercise price per
share of MB Financial common stock of such MB Financial stock option by (y) the Fifth Third equity award exchange ratio.

Treatment of Restricted Stock Awards. At the effective time, each outstanding MB Financial restricted stock award will be converted into the
number of whole Fifth Third common shares (rounded to the nearest whole share) equal to the product of (a) the number of shares of MB
Financial common stock underlying such award and (b) the Fifth Third equity award exchange ratio, subject to the same terms and conditions,
including vesting and cash dividend equivalents, as were applicable to such awards prior to the merger.

Treatment of Restricted Stock Unit Awards. At the effective time, each outstanding MB Financial restricted stock unit will be converted into a
restricted stock unit for a number of whole Fifth Third common shares (rounded to the nearest whole share) equal to the product of (a) the number
of shares of MB Financial common stock subject to such award and (b) the Fifth Third equity award exchange ratio, subject to the same terms and
conditions, including vesting and cash dividend equivalents, as were applicable to such awards prior to the merger.

 
71



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 82/219

Table of Contents

Treatment of Performance Share Unit Awards. At the effective time, each outstanding MB Financial performance share unit will be converted into
a restricted stock unit for a number of whole Fifth Third common shares (rounded to the nearest whole share) equal to the product of (a) the
number of shares of MB Financial common stock subject to such award and (b) the Fifth Third equity award exchange ratio, subject to the same
terms and conditions, including vesting and cash dividend equivalents, as were applicable to such awards prior to the merger. Under each
outstanding MB Financial performance share unit award, the number of MB Financial shares earned is based upon the total stockholder return of
MB Financial common stock measured against the total stockholder return performance of approximately 50 financial institutions in the KBW
Nasdaq Bank Index over a three-year performance period (subject to earlier termination in the event of a change in control) commencing on the
grant date of the award. As a result of the change in control which will occur at the effective time, each performance period will end five trading
days prior to the effective time and the MB Financial compensation committee will determine the number of shares of MB Financial common
stock earned, which may range from 0% to 175% of the performance share units under the award, based on the relative total stockholder return
during the applicable performance period using the per share value of MB Financial common stock as of the effective time.

See the section entitled “Merger-Related Compensation of MB Financial’s Named Executive Officers” beginning on page 75 of this proxy
statement/prospectus for an estimate of the value of the unvested equity awards held by each of MB Financial’s named executive officers that would
become vested upon a qualifying termination following the effective time. Based on the assumptions described above under “Interests of MB Financial’s
Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger—Certain Assumptions,” (i) the estimated aggregate value of the unvested equity awards held by MB
Financial’s two executive officers who are not named executive officers that would become vested upon a qualifying termination immediately following
the effective time is $3,406,220 and (ii) the estimated aggregate value of the unvested MB Financial restricted stock unit awards held by MB Financial’s
non-employee directors that would become vested at the effective time is $125,000. Additional information on equity holdings of MB Financial’s
executive officers and non-employee directors can be found under the section entitled “Voting Securities and Certain Holders Thereof “ in MB
Financial’s definitive proxy statement filed with the SEC on April 3, 2018, which is incorporated by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus. See
“Incorporation of Certain Documents by Reference” on page 133 of this proxy statement/prospectus.

Employment, Severance and Tax Gross-Up Agreements; Other Arrangements

Employment Agreement with Mitchell Feiger. MB Financial is a party to a December 2008 employment agreement with Mr. Feiger. The employment
agreement provides that if Mr. Feiger is involuntarily terminated in connection with or within 18 months following a change in control, he will be
entitled to receive certain severance benefits in addition to other vested amounts. The term “involuntary termination” is defined to include termination of
Mr. Feiger’s employment (other than for cause or due to death, disability or specified misconduct on his part under the federal banking laws) without his
consent, or by Mr. Feiger following a material breach of the agreement by MB Financial or its successor, including, a material reduction of or
interference with his duties, responsibilities (including failure to maintain his position as chief executive officer of MB Financial or its ultimate parent
entity) or benefits without his consent. In the event Mr. Feiger’s employment terminates after the effective time under circumstances entitling him to
severance benefits under the employment agreement, he will be entitled to:
 

 •  a lump sum cash severance payment equal to three times the sum of his then current base salary and annual target bonus;
 

 
•  a fully-vested employer contribution to his account under the MB Financial Non-Stock Deferred Compensation Plan of approximately three

times the amount of such contribution for the current year;
 

 •  accelerated vesting and exercisability of all unvested stock options;
 

 •  accelerated payment of all unvested restricted stock unit and performance share unit awards;
 

 •  amounts, if any, payable under his tax gross-up agreement; and
 

72



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 83/219

Table of Contents

 •  previously vested amounts payable in accordance with the employment agreement or applicable benefit plan.

Mr. Feiger’s right to receive severance benefits under his employment agreement is contingent upon his execution of a release of claims. The
employment agreement imposes non-competition and non-solicitation covenants that will apply for one year following the termination of Mr. Feiger’s
employment for any reason. If Mr. Feiger breaches these covenants following an involuntary termination of his employment, the Company will be
entitled to recover any amounts paid to him as a result of that termination.

Employment Agreement with Mark. Hoppe. MB Financial is party to an October 2017 amended and restated employment agreement with Mr. Hoppe.
Under the employment agreement, upon an involuntary termination of Mr. Hoppe’s employment in connection with or within 24 months following a
change in control occurring prior to 2020, Mr. Hoppe will be entitled to:
 

 
•  a lump sum cash severance payment equal to three times his annual base salary and annual target bonus (based on the base salary and target

annual bonus in effect in 2017);
 

 •  premium reimbursements for up to 18 monthly payments equal to 150% of the monthly premium paid by him for COBRA coverage;
 

 •  accelerated vesting and exercisability of all unvested stock options;
 

 •  accelerated payment of all unvested restricted stock unit and performance share unit awards; and
 

 •  previously vested amounts payable in accordance with the employment agreement or applicable benefit plan.

The term “involuntary termination” is defined to include termination of Mr. Hoppe’s employment (other than for cause or due to death, disability or
specified misconduct on his part under the federal banking laws) without his consent, or by Mr. Hoppe following a material breach of the agreement by
MB Financial or its successor, including, a material reduction of or interference with his duties, responsibilities (including failure to maintain his
position as chairman or co-chairman of the board of directors of MB Financial Bank, N.A. or its successor) or benefits without his consent. Mr. Hoppe’s
right to severance benefits under his employment agreement is contingent upon his execution of a release of claims, as well as his compliance with
confidentiality and non-solicitation covenants contained in a separate protective covenants agreement.

Mr. Hoppe is not party to a tax gross-up agreement. Mr. Hoppe’s employment agreement provides that if the payments and benefits under the agreement
in connection with a change in control would be subject to an excise tax by reason of Internal Revenue Code Sections 280G and 4999, then such
payments and benefits will be reduced to one dollar below the threshold level for application of the tax, unless such reduced amount is less than the net
amount of such payments and benefits after payment of the excise tax, in which case no reduction will be made.

Change in Control Severance Agreements with Executive Officers other than Messrs. Feiger and Hoppe. MB Financial has entered into change in
control severance agreements (referred to as CIC severance agreements) with each of its executive officers (other than Messrs. Feiger and Hoppe).

Each CIC severance agreement provides that if a change in control occurs, and within 24 months thereafter the executive’s employment is involuntarily
terminated without cause or the executive voluntarily terminates his or her employment for good reason, he or she will be entitled to:
 

 
•  a lump sum cash severance payment amount equal to two times the sum of the executive’s annual base salary plus the executive’s average

annual bonus over the last two complete calendar years;
 

 
•  continuation of health, dental, long-term disability and group term life insurance coverage at the same premium cost to the executive until

the second anniversary of the executive’s termination date, subject
 

73



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 84/219

Table of Contents

 to earlier discontinuation if the executive receives substantially similar benefits from a subsequent employer;
 

 •  accelerated vesting and exercisability of all unvested stock options;
 

 •  accelerated payment of all unvested restricted stock unit and performance share unit awards; and
 

 •  previously vested amount payable in accordance with the CIC severance agreement or applicable benefit plan.

The CIC severance agreements with Randall T. Conte and Mark A. Heckler provide that if the payments and benefits under the agreement in connection
with a change in control would be subject to an excise tax by reason of Internal Revenue Code Sections 4999 and 280G, then such payments and
benefits will be reduced to one dollar below the threshold level for application of the tax, unless such reduced amount is less than the net amount of such
payments and benefits after payment of the excise tax, in which case no reduction will be made.

Tax Gross Up Agreements. MB Financial is party to legacy tax gross-up agreements with each of its executive officers other than Messrs. Hoppe, Conte
and Heckler. Each tax-gross up agreement includes a modified gross-up provision providing that the executive officer will be entitled to a full gross-up
if the payments and benefits to the officer in connection with a change in control would be subject to an excise tax by reason of Internal Revenue Code
Sections 280G and 4999 and the amount of such payments exceed the threshold level for application of such tax by more than 10%; if such excess
equals or is less than 10%, the payments will instead be reduced below the threshold.

Other Arrangements. Under the merger agreement, Fifth Third acknowledged and agreed that the closing of the merger will constitute “good reason” (or
words of similar import) under the employment and CIC severance agreements of each MB Financial executive officer. As a result, each MB Financial
executive officer will have the right to resign for good reason following the effective time and receive the severance and other benefits described above
for a period of time as specified in his/her employment and/or CIC severance agreements, as applicable. Prior to the effective time, Fifth Third may
enter into retention or other arrangements with some or all of the MB Financial executive officers for the purposes of securing the continued
employment of such executive officers after the closing of the merger. No such agreements have been entered into as of the date of the proxy
statement/prospectus.

Under the merger agreement, Fifth Third agreed that MB Financial may enter into agreements with each of its executive officers to provide post-
employment access to health care coverage for each such officer and his or her eligible dependents until the officer becomes eligible for Medicare
benefits. This access to post-employment health coverage will be available only if at the time of termination the executive officer has attained age 55
and the officer pays the monthly COBRA premium for such coverage.

See the section entitled “Merger-Related Compensation for MB Financial’s Named Executive Officers” beginning on page 75 of this proxy
statement/prospectus for an estimate of the value of the severance benefits any tax gross-up payments payable to MB Financial’s named executive
officers upon a qualifying termination following the effective time.

Based on the assumptions described above under “Interests of MB Financial’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger—Certain Assumptions,”
the estimated aggregate cash severance payments payable to MB Financial’s two executive officers who are not named executive officers upon a
qualifying termination following the effective time equal $2,946,250 and no tax gross-up payments would be due.

Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plans

Certain employees and directors of MB Financial and MB Financial Bank are eligible to participate in the MB Financial Non-Stock Deferred
Compensation Plan and MB Financial Stock Deferred Compensation Plan (which
 

74



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 85/219

Table of Contents

we refer collectively to as the “MB Financial Deferred Compensation Plans”), under which participants accumulate benefits based on voluntary deferral
and, in the case of employee-participants, contributions by MB Financial. The MB Financial Deferred Compensation Plans provide that from and after a
change in control, no amendments may be made to such plans that would have an “adverse” effect on a participant without such participant’s consent.
An “adverse” amendment would include, but not be limited to, termination of the plans or any amendment that would cause an acceleration of the
payment of benefits under such plans. As of the date of this proxy statement/prospectus, all amounts credited to the executive officers and directors
under the MB Financial Deferred Compensation Plans are fully vested. Amounts credited to accounts under the MB Financial Stock Deferred
Compensation Plan will be converted into the right to receive the merger consideration and shall be payable in accordance with the terms of the plan.

Future Compensation Actions

In addition to the payments and benefits above, under the terms of the merger agreement, MB Financial may take certain compensation actions prior to
completion of the merger that will affect MB Financial’s directors and executive officers, although determinations related to such actions have not been
made as of the date of this proxy statement/prospectus and the impact of such actions is not reflected in the amounts estimated above unless specifically
disclosed. Among other actions, MB Financial may determine and approve annual incentives for 2018 based on actual performance, with payments at no
less than 75% of target bonus, make certain long-term incentive grants to its employees and directors under the MB Financial Omnibus Incentive Plan if
the effective time has not occurred by March 1, 2019 on terms and conditions substantially similar to those grants made by MB Financial in 2018, and
establish a cash transition and retention program. In addition, MB Financial may take certain actions to mitigate adverse tax consequences under
Sections 280G and 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code. Such actions may, subject to consultation with Fifth Third, include making payment in 2018 of
all or a portion of the annual incentives for 2018 and accelerating the vesting and payment of MB Financial equity awards scheduled to vest and be paid
during the first quarter of 2019.

Indemnification and Insurance

Pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement, MB Financial directors, officers, employees and employee benefit plan fiduciaries will be entitled to
certain ongoing indemnification and coverage under directors’ and officers’ liability insurance and similar policies concerning fiduciaries following the
merger. Such indemnification and insurance coverage is further described in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Covenants and Agreements—
Indemnification and Directors’ and Officers’ Insurance” beginning on page 91 of this proxy statement/prospectus.

Board Membership

Under the merger agreement at the effective time, Fifth Third will appoint two current directors of MB Financial to the Fifth Third Board of Directors
and will nominate the appointees for election as directors at Fifth Third’s next annual meeting of stockholders. The MB Financial directors to be
appointed (at least one of whom shall be an independent MB Financial director) are to be mutually agreed upon by MB Financial and Fifth Third. As of
the date of this proxy statement/prospectus, MB Financial and Fifth Third have not selected any members of MB Financial’s Board of Directors for
appointment to the Fifth Third Board of Directors.

Merger-Related Compensation for MB Financial’s Named Executive Officers

In order to comply with the requirements of Item 402(t) of the SEC’s Regulation S-K, the following table and the related footnotes provide information
about the compensation which may be paid to MB Financial’s named executive officers that is based on or otherwise relates to the merger (“merger-
related compensation”). The compensation shown in this table and described in the footnotes to the table is the merger-related compensation that is the
subject of the merger-related proposal, a non-binding, advisory vote of the MB Financial stockholders
 

75



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 86/219

Table of Contents

at the MB Financial special meeting, as described in “MB Financial Proposals—Merger-Related Compensation Proposal” beginning on page 41. The
figures in the table are estimated based on compensation received during 2018 through the date of this proxy statement/prospectus, continuation of
current compensation levels thereafter and an assumed effective date of January 31, 2019, for both the merger and termination of the named executive
officer’s employment under circumstances entitling him or her to severance benefits. The amounts reported below are estimates based on multiple
assumptions that may or may not actually occur or be accurate on the relevant date, including assumptions described in this proxy statement/prospectus,
and do not reflect the value arising from certain compensation actions that may occur before the completion of the merger (such as the awarding of
annual bonus compensation for 2018, the grant of annual equity awards which may occur in 2019 or actions taken to mitigate adverse tax consequences
under Sections 280G and 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code), as described in “Interests of MB Financial Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger
—Future Compensation Actions” beginning on page 75. Receipt of severance payments and benefits pursuant to a named executive officer’s
employment or CIC severance agreement is conditioned upon the named executive officer’s execution of a release of claims and compliance with post-
termination restrictions on actions including solicitation of customers and use of confidential information, as described in “Interests of MB Financial
Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger” beginning on page 70. As required by applicable SEC rules, all amounts below determined using the
per share value of MB Financial common stock have been calculated based on a per share price of MB Financial common stock of $50.41 (the average
closing market price of MB Financial common stock over the first five business days following the public announcement of the merger on May 21,
2018). The amounts below do not reflect the effect of reductions in the amount of severance benefits or gross-up payments which may be required or
which may result from actions taken to mitigate the adverse tax consequences under Sections 280G and 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code. As a result
of the foregoing assumptions, the actual amounts, if any, to be received by a named executive officer may materially differ from the amounts set forth
below.

GOLDEN PARACHUTE COMPENSATION
 
Name   Cash(1)    Equity(2)    

Pension/
NQDC(3)    

Perquisites/
Benefits(4)    

Tax
Reimbursements(5)   Total  

Mitchell Feiger   $5,827,500   $8,738,046   $516,723    —       $15,082,269 
Randall T. Conte   $1,638,000   $1,887,003    —     $ 42,593     $ 3,567,192 
Mark A. Hoppe   $3,708,975   $3,755,396    —         $ 7,463,427 
Jill E. York   $1,785,750   $2,306,969    —     $ 41,628     $ 4,143,913 
Mark A. Heckler   $1,670,000   $2,009,498    —     $ 61,827     $ 3,740,767 
 
1. Cash. These amounts represent the aggregate value of cash severance related to base salary, target or average annual bonus and, for Mr. Hoppe,

health care premium payments, upon a qualifying termination under the named executive officer’s employment or CIC severance agreement as
described in “Interests of MB Financial Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger” beginning on page 70. The following table lists the
respective portions of the amount set forth in this column that are attributable to the base salary severance payment, target or average annual bonus
severance payment and health care premium payments.

 

Name   Base Salary Severance   

Target
Annual/Average
Bonus Severance   

Health Care Premiums
Severance  

Mitchell Feiger   $ 2,775,000   $ 3,052,500   
Randall T. Conte   $ 928,000   $ 710,000   
Mark A. Hoppe   $ 2,100,000   $ 1,575,000   $ 33,975 
Jill E. York   $ 1,002,000   $ 783,750   
Mark A. Heckler   $ 928,000   $ 742,000   

 
76



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 87/219

Table of Contents

2. Equity. These amounts represent the aggregate value of unvested equity awards payable upon a qualifying termination under the MB Financial
Omnibus Incentive Plan, as described in “Interests of MB Financial Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger.” Mr. Feiger is retirement
eligible under the terms of his stock option, restricted stock unit and performance share unit awards such that he would continue to vest in such
awards following termination of employment at any time. Because the vesting and payment of such amounts will accelerate upon termination
following the merger, the value of such outstanding unvested stock options, restricted stock unit and performance share unit awards has been
included in the table. The following table sets forth the values of unvested MB Financial restricted stock, restricted stock unit and performance
share unit awards and the aggregate spread value in the unvested options.

 
Name   Stock Options   

Restricted
Stock/Units    Performance Share Units 

Mitchell Feiger   $ 522,613   $2,306,257   $ 5,909,176 
Randall T. Conte   $ 112,553   $ 521,797   $ 1,252,652 
Mark A. Hoppe   $ 241,652   $ 958,675   $ 2,555,070 
Jill E. York   $ 140,526   $ 648,106   $ 1,518,337 
Mark A. Heckler   $ 115,590   $ 585,440   $ 1,308,467 

For purposes of the foregoing table: (i) stock options are valued at the excess of $50.41, the assumed price per share of MB Financial common
stock for purposes of this section, over the applicable per share exercise price, (ii) restricted stock units are valued at $50.41 multiplied by the
number of outstanding unvested units, and (iii) performance share units are valued at $50.41 multiplied by the number of outstanding unvested
performance share units (performance being based on attainment of the maximum level of performance solely for purposes of estimating the value
of awards in this section, even though actual performance for the applicable performance period may differ from maximum performance). The
value of the restricted stock units and performance share units also includes the amount of cash dividend equivalents expected to be credited under
such units as of January 31, 2019, the assumed effective date of the merger for purposes of this section, based upon MB Financial’s current
quarterly dividend of $0.24 per share.

The amounts set forth in the forgoing table are based on the assumption that the closing of the merger and termination of employment occur on
January 31, 2019. Following is the portion of the amounts included in the foregoing table that would vest during February 2019 under the existing
terms of the awards.

 
Name   Stock Options   

Restricted
Stock/Units   

Performance Share
Units    Total  

Mitchell Feiger   $ 237,454   $ 959,229   $ 2,161,000   $3,357,682 
Randall T. Conte   $ 53,588   $ 232,042   $ 498,151   $ 742,655 
Mark A. Hoppe   $ 133,218   $ 472,569   $ 1,250,564   $1,856,351 
Jill E. York   $ 67,752   $ 290,951   $ 639,593   $ 998,295 
Mark A. Heckler   $ 52,830   $ 255,691   $ 494,723   $ 803,245 

 

3. Pension/NQDC. The amount for Mr. Feiger represents the employer contribution to be credited to Mr. Feiger’s account under the MB Financial
Deferred Compensation Plans at the effective time in accordance with his employment agreement described in “Interests of MB Financial
Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger” beginning on page 70. The amount is equal to the present value of annual contributions equal to
20% of his base salary that would be credited at each of the three calendar-year ends following the date of a change in control assuming his
employment continued through such dates.

 

4. Perquisites/Benefits. These amounts represent the aggregate value of continuing welfare benefits to which the executives are entitled under their
employment or CIC severance agreements, as described in “Interests of MB Financial Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger” beginning
on page 70. The following table sets forth the values of continuing welfare benefits based upon the 2018 premiums paid by MB Financial for such
benefits, assuming a 5% annual increase in premium and a discount rate of 3.05%. No amounts have been included for Mr. Feiger or Mr. Hoppe
because Mr. Feiger is currently entitled to post-

 
77



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 88/219

Table of Contents

 
employment welfare benefits under his employment agreement whether or not the merger occurs, and Mr. Hoppe is entitled to the health care
premium severance payments described above.

 
Name   Welfare Benefits 
Mitchell Feiger    —   
Randall T. Conte   $ 42,593 
Mark A. Hoppe    —   
Jill E. York   $ 41,628 
Mark A. Heckler   $ 61,827 

 

5. Tax Reimbursement. Based upon the assumptions set forth above, including but not limited to the January 31, 2019 assumed closing date for the
merger, no payments would be due to any executive officers under the tax gross-up agreements described in “Interests of MB Financial Directors
and Executive Officers in the Merger” beginning on page 70.

Dividends/Distributions

From and after the date of the merger agreement, May 20, 2018, MB Financial may not, and may not permit its subsidiaries to, without the prior written
consent of Fifth Third, make any dividend payments or distributions other than (i) regular quarterly cash dividends by MB Financial at a rate not in
excess of $0.24 per share of MB Financial common stock, (ii) quarterly cash dividends on the MB Financial preferred stock in accordance with the
terms of the preferred stock, (iii) distributions paid on trust preferred securities, and (iv) dividends paid by any of MB Financial’s subsidiaries to MB
Financial or any of MB Financial’s wholly owned subsidiaries.

The merger agreement provides that Fifth Third and MB Financial must coordinate with one another with respect to the declaration of dividends in
respect of Fifth Third common shares and MB Financial common stock, and the record dates and payment dates with respect thereto, with the intention
that the holders of MB Financial common stock should not receive two dividends, or fail to receive a dividend, in any quarter with respect to their shares
of MB Financial common stock and any Fifth Third common shares they receive in exchange therefor in the merger.

After the effective time, no dividends or other distributions declared or made with respect to Fifth Third common shares or new Fifth Third preferred
shares, if applicable, will be paid to the holder of any unsurrendered certificate or book entry share that evidenced ownership of shares of MB Financial
common stock or MB Financial preferred stock until such holder properly surrenders such shares. See “—Conversion of Shares; Exchange and Payment
Procedures” beginning on page 47.
 

78



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 89/219

Table of Contents

REGULATORY APPROVALS REQUIRED FOR THE MERGER

Completion of the merger is subject to the receipt of all approvals required to complete the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement (i) from
the Federal Reserve Board, (ii) from the Ohio Department of Commerce, Division of Financial Institutions (which we refer to as the “Ohio DFI”), (iii) if
required, under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (which we refer to as the “HSR Act”) and (iv) any other
regulatory approval the failure of which to obtain would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on Fifth Third, and the expiration of
any applicable statutory waiting periods, in each case, without the imposition of a materially burdensome regulatory condition. Notifications and/or
applications requesting approval may also be submitted to various other federal and state regulatory authorities and self-regulatory organizations. Fifth
Third and MB Financial have agreed to use their reasonable best efforts to obtain all required regulatory approvals. Fifth Third, MB Financial and/or
their respective subsidiaries have filed, or are in the process of filing, applications and notifications to obtain these regulatory approvals.

Although we currently believe we should be able to obtain all required regulatory approvals in a timely manner, we cannot be certain when or if we will
obtain them or, if obtained, whether they will contain terms, conditions or restrictions not currently contemplated that will be detrimental to Fifth Third
after the completion of the merger, or will contain a materially burdensome regulatory condition.

Federal Reserve Board. Completion of the merger is subject, among other things, to approval by the Federal Reserve Board pursuant to Section 3 of the
Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (which we refer to as the “BHC Act”). In considering the approval of an application under Section 3
of the BHC Act, the Federal Reserve Board reviews certain factors, including: (1) the financial and managerial resources of the bank holding companies
and banks involved and the future prospects of the combined organization (including consideration of the current and projected capital positions and
levels of indebtedness), (2) the effect of the proposal on competition, (3) the extent to which the proposal would result in greater or more concentrated
risks to the stability of the United States banking or financial system, (4) the convenience and needs of the communities to be served and (5) the
effectiveness of the companies in combating money laundering.

The Federal Reserve Board also reviews the records of performance of the relevant insured depository institutions under the Community Reinvestment
Act of 1977 (which we refer to as the “CRA”) and considers the concentration of deposits on a nationwide basis. In their most recent respective CRA
examinations, Fifth Third Bank and MB Financial Bank each received an overall “Outstanding” CRA performance rating.

Following the completion of the merger, Fifth Third intends to merge MB Financial Bank with and into Fifth Third Bank, with Fifth Third Bank
surviving the merger (which we refer to as the “bank merger”). The bank merger will be subject to approval by the Federal Reserve Board under
Section 18(c) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (the “Bank Merger Act”). In evaluating an application filed under the Bank Merger Act, the Federal
Reserve Board considers: (1) the competitive impact of the transaction, (2) financial and managerial resources and future prospects of the existing and
insured depository institutions which are parties to the bank merger, (3) the convenience and needs of the community to be served and the records of the
insured depository institutions under the Community Reinvestment Act, (4) the insured depository institutions’ effectiveness in combating money-
laundering activities and (5) the extent to which the bank merger would result in greater or more concentrated risks to the stability of the U.S. banking or
financial system. Fifth Third Bank’s establishment and operation of branches at MB Financial Bank’s existing branch locations is also subject to
approval under Section 9 of the Federal Reserve Act.

Furthermore, the BHC Act, the Bank Merger Act and Federal Reserve Board regulations require published notice of, and the opportunity for public
comment on, the applications to the Federal Reserve Board, and authorize the Federal Reserve Board to hold a public hearing or meeting if the Federal
Reserve Board determines that a hearing or meeting would be appropriate. The Federal Reserve Board takes into account the views of third party
commenters, particularly on the subject of the merging parties’ CRA performance and record of service to their
 

79



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 90/219

Table of Contents

communities, and any hearing, meeting or comments provided by third parties could prolong the period during which the application is under review by
the Federal Reserve Board. Fifth Third filed its applications with the Federal Reserve Board under the BHC Act and the Bank Merger Act on June 12,
2018.

In addition to the Federal Reserve Board, the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice (which we refer to as the “DOJ”) conducts a concurrent
competitive review of the merger to analyze the transaction’s competitive effects and determine whether the transaction would result in a violation of the
antitrust laws. After the Federal Reserve Board approves the transaction, the parties generally must wait at least 30 days to complete the transaction,
during which time the DOJ may bring a court action challenging the transaction on antitrust grounds. With the approval of the Federal Reserve Board
and the concurrence of the DOJ, the waiting period may be reduced to no less than 15 days. The commencement of an antitrust action would stay the
effectiveness of such an approval unless a court specifically ordered otherwise. In reviewing the antitrust aspects of the transaction, the DOJ generally
analyzes the competitive effects of the transaction differently than the Federal Reserve Board, and thus it is possible that the DOJ could reach a different
conclusion than the Federal Reserve Board does regarding the merger’s effects on competition. A determination by the DOJ not to object to the merger
may not prevent the filing of antitrust actions by private persons or state attorneys general. Fifth Third and MB Financial believe that the merger should
not raise significant regulatory concerns and that Fifth Third will be able to obtain all requisite regulatory approvals in a timely manner if required by
regulators. However, there can be no assurance if and when DOJ clearance will be obtained, or as to the conditions or limitations that such DOJ
approval may contain or impose.

Ohio Department of Commerce, Division of Financial Institutions. The bank merger must be approved by the Ohio DFI under Chapter 1115 of Title 11
of the Ohio Revised Code. In considering an application under Chapter 1115, the Ohio DFI may consider a variety of factors including: (1) the
competitive consequences of the proposed transaction, (2) the financial and managerial resources and future prospects of the banks involved, (3) the
convenience and needs of the communities to be served, and (4) the comments of any other regulatory relevant authority. Fifth Third filed its application
with the Ohio DFI on June 12, 2018.

OCC. MB Financial Bank is regulated by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (“OCC”). As required by OCC regulation, a notice was filed
with the OCC on June 14, 2018 advising the agency that MB Financial Bank intends to merge with and into Fifth Third Bank.

There can be no assurances that the regulatory approvals discussed above will be received on a timely basis, or as to the ability of Fifth Third and MB
Financial to obtain the approvals on satisfactory terms or the absence of litigation challenging such approvals. In recent similar transactions, the Federal
Reserve Board has taken a longer time to render a decision on applications than the typical time period for approval set forth in the Federal Reserve
Board’s regulations. There can likewise be no assurances that U.S. federal or state regulatory authorities will not attempt to challenge the merger on
antitrust grounds or for other reasons, or, if such a challenge is made, as to the result of such challenge.
 

80



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 91/219

Table of Contents

ACCOUNTING TREATMENT

In accordance with current accounting guidance, the merger will be accounted for using the acquisition method. As a result, the recorded assets and
liabilities of Fifth Third will be carried forward at their recorded amounts, the historical operating results will be unchanged for the prior periods being
reported on and the assets and liabilities of MB Financial will be adjusted to fair value at the date of the merger. In addition, all identified intangible
assets will be recorded at fair value and included as part of the net assets acquired. To the extent that the purchase price, consisting of cash plus the
number of Fifth Third common shares and shares of new Fifth Third preferred stock, if issuable, to be issued to former MB Financial stockholders,
option holders and holders of restricted stock awards, restricted stock unit awards, performance-based awards and the MB Financial preferred stock, as
applicable, at fair value, exceeds the fair value of the net assets acquired including identified intangible assets of MB Financial on the date the merger is
completed, such amount will be reported as goodwill. In accordance with current accounting guidance, goodwill will not be amortized but will be
evaluated for impairment annually. Identified finite life intangible assets will be amortized over their estimated lives. Further, the acquisition method of
accounting will result in the operating results of MB Financial being included in the operating results of Fifth Third beginning from the date of
completion of the merger.
 

81



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 92/219

Table of Contents

PUBLIC TRADING MARKETS

Fifth Third common shares are listed on the NASDAQ under the symbol “FITB.” MB Financial common stock and the depositary shares representing
interests in MB Financial preferred stock are each listed on the NASDAQ under the symbols “MBFI” and “MBFIO”, respectively. Upon completion of
the merger, the MB Financial common stock and the depositary shares representing interests in MB Financial preferred stock will be delisted from the
NASDAQ and thereafter will be deregistered under the Exchange Act and MB Financial will no longer be required to file periodic reports with the SEC
with respect to the MB Financial common stock and the depositary shares representing interests in MB Financial preferred stock. The Fifth Third
common shares issuable in the merger will be listed on the NASDAQ. Prior to the effective time of the direct merger, Fifth Third will use its reasonable
best efforts to cause the new Fifth Third preferred stock, if issuable, (or depositary shares representing interests in the new Fifth Third preferred stock) to
be approved for listing on the NASDAQ.
 

82



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 93/219

Table of Contents

RESALE OF FIFTH THIRD COMMON SHARES AND NEW FIFTH THIRD PREFERRED STOCK

All Fifth Third common shares and the new Fifth Third preferred stock (or depositary shares representing interests in the new Fifth Third preferred
stock) received by MB Financial stockholders in the merger, as applicable, will be freely tradable for purposes of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(which we refer to as the “Securities Act”) and the Exchange Act, except for Fifth Third common shares and shares of new Fifth Third preferred stock
(or depositary shares representing interests in the new Fifth Third preferred stock) received by any MB Financial stockholder who becomes an “affiliate”
of Fifth Third after completion of the merger. This proxy statement/prospectus does not cover resales of Fifth Third common shares or the new Fifth
Third preferred stock (or depositary shares representing interests in the new Fifth Third preferred stock) received by any person upon completion of the
merger, as applicable, and no person is authorized to make any use of this proxy statement/prospectus in connection with any resale. At or promptly
following the closing of the merger, Fifth Third expects to take the necessary steps to delist the depositary shares representing interests in MB Financial
preferred stock from the NASDAQ and terminate MB Financial’s registration and reporting obligations with the SEC, so that the depositary shares
representing interests in MB Financial’s preferred stock will no longer trade on the NASDAQ or any other securities exchange and MB Financial will no
longer file reports or other public disclosure with the SEC under the Exchange Act.
 

83



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 94/219

Table of Contents

THE MERGER AGREEMENT

This section describes the material terms of the merger agreement. The description in this section and elsewhere in this proxy
statement/prospectus is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of the merger agreement, a copy of which is attached as Appendix A and
is incorporated by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus. This summary does not purport to be complete and may not contain all of the
information about the merger agreement that is important to you. You are encouraged to read the merger agreement carefully and in its entirety. This
section is not intended to provide you with any factual information about Fifth Third or MB Financial. Such information can be found elsewhere in this
proxy statement/prospectus and in the public filings Fifth Third and MB Financial make with the SEC, as described in the section entitled “Where You
Can Find More Information” in the forepart of this proxy statement/prospectus.

Effects of the Merger; Merger Consideration

If the holders of MB Financial common stock approve the common stockholder merger proposal and the holders of MB Financial preferred stock
approve the preferred stockholder merger proposal, then MB Financial will merge with and into Intermediary with Intermediary surviving the merger.,
which we have defined as the “direct merger.” The articles of incorporation and the regulations of Intermediary as in effect immediately prior to the
direct merger will be the articles and regulations of the surviving company.

The merger agreement also provides that if the MB Financial preferred stockholders do not approve the preferred stockholder merger proposal, but the
MB Financial common stockholders approve the common stockholder merger proposal and charter amendment proposal, then the acquisition of MB
Financial will instead be effected by the merger of a newly-formed subsidiary of Fifth Third with an into MB Financial, with MB Financial surviving the
merger, which we have defined as the “alternative merger.” Only if the preferred stockholder merger proposal is not approved by the MB Financial
preferred stockholders will the alternative merger occur instead of the direct merger, if the MB Financial common stockholders approve the common
stockholder merger proposal and the charter amendment proposal.

Each share of MB Financial common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the merger (other than shares owned by
MB Financial or Fifth Third), will be converted into the right to receive 1.45 Fifth Third common shares and $5.54 in cash. Each share of MB Financial
preferred stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the direct merger will automatically be converted into a share of the
new Fifth Third preferred stock. The new Fifth Third preferred stock will have substantially the same terms as the MB Financial preferred stock, except
that the new Fifth Third preferred stock will have no voting rights (including upon an arrearage in the payment of dividends) except as required by Ohio
law and will have certain other differing terms to be consistent with Fifth Third’s currently outstanding series of preferred stock and its articles of
incorporation.

In the alternative merger, the holders of MB Financial common stock will receive the same merger consideration on the same terms as in the direct
merger, but each share of the MB Financial preferred stock will not be converted into a share of the new Fifth Third preferred stock and will instead
remain outstanding and unchanged (except as noted in the next sentence) as preferred stock of MB Financial, which will be a subsidiary of Fifth Third.
Pursuant to the charter amendment, effective immediately prior to consummation of the alternative merger, the holders of MB Financial preferred stock
will have the right to vote with the holders of MB Financial common stock as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of such common
stockholders. Upon completion of the alternative merger, Fifth Third, as the sole holder of MB Financial common stock, will control MB Financial.
Following completion of the alternative merger, MB Financial preferred stockholders will vote with Fifth Third as a single class on all matters submitted
to a vote of Fifth Third, as the sole common stockholder of MB Financial. Thus, the voting rights that would be conferred upon the MB Financial
preferred stockholders by the charter amendment would continue to apply with respect to MB Financial, and not Fifth Third, following completion of
the alternative merger.
 

84



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 95/219

Table of Contents

Fifth Third will not issue any fractional Fifth Third common shares in the merger. Instead, a MB Financial stockholder who otherwise would have
received a fraction of a Fifth Third common share will receive an amount in cash (rounded to the nearest cent) determined by multiplying the fraction of
the Fifth Third common share to which the holder would otherwise be entitled by the average closing sale prices of Fifth Third common shares on the
NASDAQ as reported by the Wall Street Journal for the five full trading days ending on the trading day prior to the closing date of the merger.

Closing and Effective Time of the Merger

Unless the parties otherwise mutually agree, the closing of the merger will occur no later than three business days after the satisfaction or waiver of all
the closing conditions, including the receipt of all required regulatory approvals and stockholder approvals and after the expiration of all regulatory
waiting periods. See “The Merger Agreement—Conditions to the Merger” beginning on page 95 for a more complete description of the conditions that
must be satisfied prior to closing.

On the closing date, the surviving corporation will effect the merger (whether as the direct merger or the alternative merger) legally by filing articles of
merger with the Department of Assessments and Taxation of the State of Maryland and a certificate of merger with the Secretary of State of the State of
Ohio. The merger will become effective upon filing or at such time as is specified in such articles of merger and certificate of merger. The time at which
the merger becomes effective is sometimes referred to in this proxy statement/prospectus as the “effective time.”

As of the date of this proxy statement/prospectus, the parties expect that the merger will be effective in the first quarter of 2019. However, there can be
no assurance as to when or if the merger will occur.

If the merger has not been consummated on or before May 20, 2019, the merger agreement may be terminated by either Fifth Third or MB Financial
(except if the termination date is extended as noted in the next sentence), unless the failure of the closing to occur by such date is due to the failure of the
party seeking to terminate the merger agreement to perform or observe the covenants and agreements of such party set forth in the merger agreement.
However, if on the termination date all closing conditions are satisfied or capable of being satisfied other than the receipt of all required regulatory
approvals, then the termination date may be extended for three months at the option of either Fifth Third or MB Financial. See the section below entitled
“Termination; Termination Fee” beginning on page 96.

Treatment of MB Financial Stock Options and Other Equity Awards

In connection with the merger, each outstanding equity-based award granted under the equity incentive plans of MB Financial will either be assumed by
Fifth Third or, to the extent not assumed, converted into the right to receive merger consideration. Specifically, all outstanding options to purchase
shares of MB Financial common stock, as well as all restricted stock awards, restricted stock units and performance share unit awards, in each case, that
do not automatically vest by the terms of such award, will be assumed by Fifth Third, and adjusted as follows.

Treatment of MB Financial Stock Option Awards. Assumed options will be adjusted so as to represent the right to acquire a number of Fifth Third
common shares (rounded down to the nearest whole share) equal to the product of (i) the number of shares of MB Financial common stock subject to
such assumed option immediately prior to the effective time multiplied by (ii) the sum of (a) the exchange ratio and (b) $5.54 divided by the average of
the closing-sale prices of Fifth Third common shares on the NASDAQ as reported by The Wall Street Journal for the five full trading days ending on the
trading day immediately preceding the closing date (we refer to such sum as the “Fifth Third equity award exchange ratio”), at an exercise price per
Fifth Third common share (rounded up to the nearest whole cent) equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the exercise price per share of MB
Financial common stock of such MB Financial stock option by (y) the Fifth Third equity award exchange ratio.
 

85



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 96/219

Table of Contents

The assumed options will otherwise remain subject to the same terms and conditions (including, without limitation, vesting conditions) as were
applicable to such option prior to assumption.

Treatment of MB Financial Restricted Stock Awards, Restricted Stock Unit Awards, and Performance Share Unit Awards. Assumed restricted stock
awards, restricted stock unit awards, and performance share unit awards will be adjusted so that the holder of such award will be entitled to receive,
upon vesting, a number of Fifth Third common shares based upon the product of (a) the number of shares of MB Financial common stock underlying
such award multiplied by (b) the Fifth Third equity award exchange ratio, rounded, as applicable, to the nearest whole share (with 0.50 being rounded
upward). The assumed restricted stock awards, restricted stock unit awards, and performance share unit awards shall otherwise subject to the same terms
and conditions (including, without limitation, vesting conditions and cash dividend equivalents), as were applicable to such awards prior to the
assumption.

Treatment of Other MB Financial Equity Awards. Each MB Financial equity-based award that is not assumed and adjusted under the merger agreement
(in accordance with the terms set forth above) will be cancelled and converted automatically into the right to receive merger consideration.

Treatment of MB Financial’s Stock Deferred Compensation Plan. Each share of MB Financial common stock outstanding under the MB Financial’s
Stock Deferred Compensation Plan will be deemed cancelled and converted into the right to receive the merger consideration; payment of such amount
will otherwise remain subject to the terms and conditions of such plan.

Covenants and Agreements

Conduct of Businesses Prior to the Completion of the Merger. MB Financial has agreed that, prior to the effective time of the merger, except in
connection with the discontinuation of MB Financial’s national mortgage origination business or as consented to by Fifth Third, MB Financial will
conduct its businesses, and cause its subsidiaries to conduct their respective businesses, in the ordinary course consistent with past practice in all
material respects and use reasonable best efforts to maintain and preserve intact its business organization, the services of its employees and its
advantageous business relationships. MB Financial and Fifth Third have each agreed not to, and cause their respective subsidiaries not to, knowingly
take any action that would reasonably be expected to adversely affect or materially delay the ability of MB Financial, Fifth Third or their respective
subsidiaries to obtain any necessary regulatory approvals required for the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement or perform their respective
covenants and agreements under the merger agreement or to consummate the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

In addition to the general covenants above, MB Financial has agreed that prior to the effective time of the merger, subject to specified exceptions, it will
not, and will not permit its subsidiaries to, without the prior written consent of Fifth Third (which will not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or
delayed):
 

 

•  other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, incur any indebtedness for borrowed money (other than
indebtedness of MB Financial or any of its wholly-owned subsidiaries to MB Financial or any of its subsidiaries), assume, guarantee,
endorse or otherwise as an accommodation become responsible for the obligations of any other person (other than a subsidiary of MB
Financial);

 

 

•  (i) adjust, split, combine or reclassify any capital stock; (ii) make, declare or pay any dividend, or make any other distribution on, or directly
or indirectly redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire, any shares of its capital stock or any securities or obligations convertible (whether
currently convertible or convertible only after the passage of time or the occurrence of certain events) into or exchangeable for any shares of
its capital stock (except (A) regular quarterly cash dividends by MB Financial on the MB Financial common stock at a rate not in excess of
$0.24 per share of MB Financial common stock, (B) quarterly cash dividends on the MB Financial preferred stock in accordance with the
terms of the preferred stock, (C) distributions paid on trust preferred securities, (D) dividends paid by any of MB

 
86



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 97/219

Table of Contents

 

Financial’s subsidiaries to MB Financial or any of MB Financial’s wholly-owned subsidiaries, (E) the acceptance of shares of MB Financial
common stock as payment for the exercise price of MB Financial stock options or for withholding taxes incurred in connection with the
exercise of MB Financial stock options or the vesting or settlement of MB Financial equity awards or (F) to satisfy obligations under MB
Financial benefit plans; (iii) grant any stock options, stock appreciation rights, performance shares, restricted stock unit awards, restricted
shares or other equity-based awards or interests, or grant any person any right to acquire any shares of its capital stock; or (iv) issue, sell or
otherwise permit to become outstanding any additional shares of capital stock or securities convertible or exchangeable into, or exercisable
for, any shares of its capital stock or any options, warrants, or other rights of any kind to acquire any shares of capital stock, except in
connection with the reinvestment of dividends pursuant to the MB Financial dividend reinvestment plan or pursuant to the exercise of MB
Financial stock options or the vesting or settlement of MB Financial equity awards;

 

 
•  sell, transfer, mortgage, encumber or otherwise dispose of any of its material properties or assets or any business to any person other than a

wholly-owned subsidiary, or cancel, release or assign any material indebtedness owed by any such person or any claims against any such
person, in each case other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice;

 

 

•  except for transactions in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice (including by way of foreclosure or acquisitions of
control in a fiduciary or similar capacity or in satisfaction of debts previously contracted in good faith), make any material investment either
by purchase of stock or securities, contributions to capital, property transfers, or purchase of any property or assets of any other individual,
corporation or other entity, other than a wholly owned subsidiary of MB Financial;

 

 

•  (i) terminate, materially amend, or waive any material provision of, any specified MB Financial material contract (as agreed among the
parties), or make any change in any instrument or agreement governing the terms of any of its securities, or material lease or contract, other
than normal renewals of contracts and leases without material adverse changes of terms with respect to MB Financial or (ii) enter into any
contract that would constitute a material contract if it were in effect on the date of the merger agreement;

 

 

•  except as required by any benefits plan or arrangement, (i) increase the compensation or benefits payable to any current or former employee,
individual independent contractor or director, except , (A) increases in annual base salary or wage rate in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice that do not exceed 3.25% in the aggregate or (B) the payment of annual or other periodic cash bonuses for
completed performance periods based on actual performance and paid in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice;
(ii) grant or award any bonus or cash incentive compensation or make any loans to any employee, individual independent contractor or
director other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice; (iii) enter into, adopt, amend or terminate any benefits
plan or arrangement; (iv) take any action to accelerate the vesting or payment, or the funding of any payment or benefit under, any MB
Financial benefits plan or arrangement, (v) discretionarily accelerate the vesting or payment of any equity or equity-based awards (vi) grant
any severance, retention or termination pay to any employee, individual independent contractor or director; or (vii) enter into or adopt any
collective bargaining agreement;

 

 
•  settle any material claim, suit, action or proceeding, except in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, in an amount and

for consideration not in excess of $2,500,000 individually or $5,000,000 in the aggregate and that would not impose any material restriction
on the business of MB Financial or its subsidiaries or the surviving corporation in the merger or any of its affiliates;

 

 
•  take any action or knowingly fail to take any action where such action or failure to act could reasonably be expected to prevent the merger

from qualifying as a “reorganization” within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code;
 

87



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 98/219

Table of Contents

 •  except for the charter amendment, amend MB Financial’s charter or bylaws or the comparable governing documents of its subsidiaries;
 

 
•  merge or consolidate itself or any of its subsidiaries with any other person, or restructure, reorganize or completely or partially liquidate or

dissolve it or any of its subsidiaries;
 

 

•  materially restructure or materially change its investment securities or derivatives portfolio or its interest rate exposure through purchases,
sales or otherwise, or the manner in which the portfolio is classified or reported, or purchase any security rated below investment grade, in
each case, other than (i) in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice or (ii) as may be required by applicable laws,
regulations, guidelines or policies imposed by a governmental entity;

 

 
•  implement or adopt any change in its accounting principles, practices or methods, other than as may be required by GAAP with the

concurrence of its independent registered public accountants;
 

 •  enter into any material new line of business;
 

 

•  make any loans or extensions of credit, except in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, or new loans or extensions of
credit in excess of $35,000,000 in a single transaction or renewals of loans or extensions of credit in excess of $50,000,000, in each case,
except pursuant to existing commitments; provided, that Fifth Third must respond to any request for a consent to make such loan or
extension of credit in writing within two business days after the loan package is delivered to Fifth Third;

 

 

•  make any material changes in its policies and practices with respect to (i) underwriting, pricing, originating, acquiring, selling, servicing or
buying or selling rights to service, loans or (ii) investment, risk and asset liability management or hedging practices and policies, in each
case except as may be required by such policies and practices or by any applicable laws, regulations, guidelines or policies imposed by any
governmental entity;

 

 
•  make, or commit to make, any capital expenditures in excess of $5,000,000 in the aggregate, except as contemplated by the merger

agreement;
 

 
•  make application for the opening, relocation or closing of any, or open, relocate or close any, material branch office, material loan

production office or other significant office or operations facility of it or its Subsidiaries;
 

 

•  other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, make, change or revoke any material tax election, change an
annual tax accounting period, adopt or change any material tax accounting method, file any amended material tax return, enter into any
closing agreement with respect to a material amount of taxes, or settle any material tax claim, audit, assessment or dispute or surrender any
right to claim a refund of a material amount of taxes; or

 

 
•  agree to take, make any commitment to take, or adopt any resolutions of its Board of Directors or similar governing body in support of the

foregoing actions.

Fifth Third has agreed to a more limited set of restrictions on its business prior to the effective time of the merger. Specifically, Fifth Third has agreed
that prior to the effective time of the merger, except as expressly contemplated or permitted by the merger agreement, as required by law or with the
prior written consent of MB Financial (which will not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), it will not:
 

 
•  except for an amendment as required to fix the terms of the new Fifth Third preferred stock, amend its articles of incorporation or its

regulations in a manner that would adversely affect the economic benefits of the merger to the holders of MB Financial common stock;
 

 •  adjust, split, combine or reclassify any of its capital stock;
 

 
•  adopt or publicly propose a plan of complete or partial liquidation or resolutions providing for or authorizing such a liquidation or a

dissolution, in each case, of Fifth Third or Intermediary;
 

88



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 99/219

Table of Contents

 
•  take any action or knowingly fail to take any action where such action or failure to act could reasonably be expected to prevent the merger

from qualifying as a “reorganization” within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code; or
 

 
•  agree to take, make any commitment to take, or adopt any resolutions of its Board of Directors or similar governing body in support of the

foregoing actions.

Regulatory Matters. Fifth Third and MB Financial have agreed to promptly prepare and file with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-4, of which
this proxy statement/prospectus is a part. Fifth Third and MB Financial have agreed to use reasonable best efforts to have the Form S-4 declared
effective under the Securities Act as promptly as practicable after such filing and to keep the S-4 effective for so long as necessary to consummate the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, and MB Financial will thereafter mail or deliver the proxy statement/prospectus to MB Financial’s
stockholders. Fifth Third has also agreed to use its reasonable best efforts to obtain all necessary state securities law or “Blue Sky” permits and
approvals required to carry out the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, and MB Financial has agreed to furnish all information
concerning MB Financial and the holders of MB Financial common stock and preferred stock as may be reasonably requested in connection with any
such action. In addition, Fifth Third and MB Financial have agreed to file, and did file, no later than 20 business days following the date of the merger
agreement, all applications and notices with governmental entities to obtain the requisite regulatory approvals for the merger and the bank merger.

Fifth Third and MB Financial have agreed to cooperate with each other and use, and cause their respective subsidiaries to use, their respective
reasonable best efforts to promptly prepare and file all necessary documentation, to effect all applications, notices, petitions and filings, to obtain as
promptly as practicable all permits, consents, approvals and authorizations of all third parties and governmental entities that are necessary or advisable
to consummate the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

Additionally, each of Fifth Third and MB Financial has agreed to furnish, upon request, to the other all information concerning itself, its subsidiaries,
directors, officers and stockholders and such other matters as may be reasonably necessary or advisable in connection with this proxy
statement/prospectus, the Form S-4 or any other statement, filing, notice or application made by or on behalf of Fifth Third, MB Financial or any of their
respective subsidiaries to any governmental entity in connection with the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

Fifth Third and MB Financial have each agreed to use its reasonable best efforts to (i) avoid the entry of, or to have vacated, lifted, reversed or
overturned any decree, judgment, injunction or other order that would restrain, prevent or delay the closing of the merger and (ii) avoid or eliminate all
impediments under applicable law so as to enable the closing of the merger to occur as soon as possible, provided that Fifth Third will not be required
and MB Financial will not be permitted to take, or agree to take, any actions or agree to any condition or restriction, in connection with the grant of
certain required regulatory approvals, that would reasonably be expected to result in a materially burdensome regulatory condition.

Stockholder Approval. MB Financial’s Board of Directors has resolved to recommend to the MB Financial common stockholders that they (i) approve
the merger (in either form as the direct merger or as the alternative merger) and (ii) the charter amendment (provided that the amendment will only
become effective immediately prior to the consummation of the alternative merger). MB Financial’s Board of Directors has also resolved to recommend
to the MB Financial preferred stockholders that they approve the direct merger. MB Financial’s Board of Directors has resolved to convene and hold a
meeting of the MB Financial common stockholders and preferred stockholders as soon as reasonably practicable after the Form S-4 is declared effective
and to submit these matters to the MB Financial common stockholders and preferred stockholders and any other matters required to be approved by the
MB Financial common stockholders and preferred stockholders in order to carry out the intentions of the merger agreement. However, if MB Financial’s
Board of Directors, after receiving the
 

89



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 100/219

Table of Contents

advice of its outside counsel and financial advisors, determines in good faith that it would more likely than not result in a violation of its fiduciary duties
under Maryland law to continue to recommend these matters to MB Financial stockholders, then MB Financial’s Board of Directors may submit these
matters to its common and preferred stockholders without recommendation, provided that MB Financial’s Board of Directors may not withdraw or
change its recommendation unless (i) it gives Fifth Third at least three business days’ prior written notice of its intention to do so and a reasonable
description of the event or circumstances giving rise to its determination to take such action and (ii) at the end of such notice period, MB Financial’s
Board of Directors takes into account any amendment or modification to the merger agreement proposed by Fifth Third and, after receiving the advice
of its outside counsel and financial advisors, determines in good faith that it would nevertheless more likely than not result in a violation of its fiduciary
duties under Maryland law to continue to recommend such matters to the MB Financial stockholders.

NASDAQ Listing. Fifth Third will (i) cause the Fifth Third common shares to be issued in connection with the merger to be approved for listing on the
NASDAQ and (ii) if applicable, use reasonable best efforts to cause the new Fifth Third preferred stock (or depositary shares representing interests in
new Fifth Third preferred stock) to be issued in the direct merger to be approved for listing on the NASDAQ, in each case, subject to official notice of
issuance, prior to the effective time of the merger.

Employee Matters. For a period of one year after the closing date of the merger or, if shorter, during the period of employment of a continuing employee
of MB Financial (or its subsidiaries) following the closing date of the merger, Fifth Third (or a subsidiary thereof) must provide each continuing
employee of MB Financial (or its subsidiaries) with (i) an annual base salary or base wage rate and, cash bonus opportunities and cash incentive
opportunities, as applicable, that are no less favorable than the annual base salary or base wage rate and, cash bonus opportunities and cash incentive
opportunities, as applicable, provided by MB Financial (or its subsidiaries) to such continuing employee immediately prior to the effective time of the
merger, (ii) employee benefits (excluding equity, equity-based compensation, defined benefit pension or retiree welfare benefits) that are, in the
aggregate, either (A) substantially comparable to those provided by MB Financial (or its subsidiaries) immediately prior to the effective time of the
merger or (B) substantially the same as those that are generally made available to similarly situated employees of Fifth Third and its subsidiaries.

With respect to any employee benefit plans of Fifth Third and its subsidiaries in which continuing employees of MB Financial (or its subsidiaries)
become eligible to participate on or after the effective time of the merger (which we refer to as the “new plans”) Fifth Third or another applicable
subsidiary will use commercially reasonable efforts to: (i) waive all pre-existing conditions, exclusions and waiting periods with respect to participation
and coverage requirements applicable to such employees and their eligible dependents under any new plans, except to the extent such pre-existing
conditions, exclusions or waiting periods would apply under the analogous MB Financial benefit plans, (ii) provide each such employee and his or her
eligible dependents with credit for any eligible expenses incurred by such employee or dependent prior to the effective time of the merger under a MB
Financial benefit plan (to the same extent that such credit was given under the analogous MB Financial benefit plan prior to the effective time of the
merger) in satisfying any applicable deductible, co-payment or out-of-pocket requirements under any new plans, and (iii) recognize all service of such
employees with MB Financial and its subsidiaries (and their respective predecessors, if applicable) for all purposes in any new plans to the same extent
that such service was taken into account under the analogous MB Financial benefit plans prior to the effective time of the merger, provided, that the
foregoing service recognition will not apply (x) to the extent it would result in a duplication of benefits for the same period of services, (y) with respect
to any new plan that, by its terms, does not recognize prior service for any participants (whether previous employees of Fifth Third or any of its
subsidiaries, or continuing employees of MB Financial (or its subsidiaries) or otherwise), or (z) under any retiree health plan, except as otherwise
provided in the merger agreement.

During the period commencing at the effective time of the merger and ending on the later of 12-month anniversary of the closing date of the merger, or
90 days after the systems conversion (but in no event later than 24-month anniversary of the closing date of the merger), Fifth Third (or one of its
subsidiaries) will provide
 

90



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 101/219

Table of Contents

severance and outplacement services to continuing employees of MB Financial (or its subsidiaries) (other than continuing employees who are party to a
written employment agreement or any other written agreement with MB Financial, Fifth Third or any of their respective subsidiaries providing for
severance) that are substantially the same as those that are generally provided to similarly situated employees of Fifth Third and its subsidiaries under
the severance plan of Fifth Third and its subsidiaries as of May 20, 2018; provided, that (A) the severance plan of Fifth Third and its subsidiaries, as
such plan applies to continuing employees of MB Financial (or its subsidiaries), shall be amended such that (x) the maximum number of weeks of
severance provided to the lowest grade classification under such plan shall be 26 weeks, (y) the minimum number of weeks of severance provided to the
two highest grade classifications under such plan shall be 26 weeks and (z) the severance provided to continuing employees of MB Financial (or its
subsidiaries) whose employment terminates after June 30th shall include a pro rata bonus with respect the calendar year in which termination occurs,
(B) such severance and outplacement services shall be subject to the execution (and non-revocation) of a customary release of claims against Fifth Third
and each of its subsidiaries and (C) such severance may be paid in lump sum.

In addition, Fifth Third acknowledges and agrees that the closing of the merger will constitute “good reason” (or words of similar import) under the
employment or severance agreement covering each executive officer of MB Financial.

Indemnification and Directors’ and Officers’ Insurance . From and after the effective time of the merger, Fifth Third will indemnify and hold harmless,
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, each present and former director, officer and employee of MB Financial and its subsidiaries or
fiduciaries of MB Financial or any of its subsidiaries under any MB Financial employee benefit plan from liabilities incurred in connection with any
threatened or actual claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation, whether arising before or after the effective time of the merger, arising in whole or in
part out of, or pertaining to, (i) the fact that such person is or was a director, officer or employee of MB Financial or any of its subsidiaries or (ii) is or
was a fiduciary under any of the employee benefit plans, or (iii) is or was serving at the request of MB Financial or any of its subsidiaries as a director or
officer of another entity and pertain to matters existing or occurring at or prior to the effective time of the merger, including matters, acts or omissions
occurring in connection with the consideration and approval of the merger agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby.
Fifth Third has agreed to maintain in effect the current policies of directors’ and officers’ liability insurance maintained by MB Financial and its
subsidiaries or provide substitute directors’ and officers’ liability insurance for the benefit of present and former officers and directors of MB Financial
or any of its subsidiaries with respect to claims against such directors and officers arising from facts or events occurring at or before the effective time of
the merger for a period of six years following the effective time of the merger. Any such substitute insurance must contain terms and conditions that are
not less advantageous than the current coverage provided by MB Financial, except that Fifth Third is not required to incur annual premium expense
greater than 300% of MB Financial’s current annual directors’ and officers’ liability insurance premium. In lieu of the foregoing, MB Financial, in
consultation with, and with the consent of, Fifth Third, may obtain a six year “tail” policy at or prior to the effective time of the merger under MB
Financial’s existing directors and officers insurance policy on the terms in this paragraph. Fifth Third has agreed to provide similar continuing insurance
coverage for fiduciaries under MB Financial benefits plans.

No Solicitation. The merger agreement precludes MB Financial and its subsidiaries and their respective officers, directors, agents, advisors and
representatives from initiating, soliciting, knowingly encouraging or knowingly facilitating inquiries or proposals with respect to, or engaging or
participating in any negotiations concerning, or providing any confidential or nonpublic information or data in connection with, or having or
participating in any discussions with any person relating to, or entering into any binding acquisition agreement, merger agreement or other definitive
transaction agreement (other than a confidentiality agreement described in this paragraph) relating to, any Acquisition Proposal (defined below).
However, if MB Financial receives an unsolicited bona fide written Acquisition Proposal prior to the approval of the MB Financial stockholder matters
and MB Financial’s Board of Directors concludes in good faith (after receiving the advice of its outside counsel and financial advisors) that such
Acquisition Proposal constitutes or is more likely than not to result in a Superior
 

91



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 102/219

Table of Contents

Proposal (defined below), MB Financial may furnish nonpublic information or data and participate in such negotiations or discussions to the extent that
the Board of Directors of MB Financial concludes in good faith (after receiving the advice of its outside counsel and financial advisors) that failure to
take such actions would more likely than not result in a violation of its fiduciary duties under applicable law, provided that prior to providing any such
nonpublic information or data, MB Financial will have provided such information to Fifth Third and entered into a confidentiality agreement with such
third party on terms no less favorable to it than the confidentiality agreement between MB Financial and Fifth Third, which confidentiality agreement
with such third party will not provide such third party with any exclusive right to negotiate with MB Financial. MB Financial has agreed to, as of the
date of the merger agreement, terminate any activities, discussions or negotiations conducted before the date of the merger agreement with any persons
other than Fifth Third with respect to any Acquisition Proposal, and to use its reasonable best efforts, subject to applicable law and the fiduciary duties
of its Board of Directors, to enforce any existing confidentiality, standstill or similar agreement to which it or its subsidiaries is a party relating to an
Acquisition Proposal in accordance with its terms. MB Financial has also agreed to advise Fifth Third within 24 hours following receipt of any
Acquisition Proposal, or any inquiry which could reasonably be expected to lead to an Acquisition Proposal, and the substance thereof (including the
material terms and conditions of and the identity of the person making such inquiry or Acquisition Proposal), and to keep Fifth Third apprised within 24
hours of any developments, discussions and negotiations, including any amendments to or revisions of the terms of such Acquisition Proposal.
 

 

•  As used in the merger agreement, “Acquisition Proposal” means (other than the merger) any offer, proposal or inquiry relating to, or any
third party indication of interest in, (i) any acquisition or purchase, direct or indirect, of 25% or more of the consolidated assets of MB
Financial and its subsidiaries or 25% or more of any class of equity or voting securities of MB Financial or its subsidiaries whose assets,
individually or in the aggregate, constitute 25% or more of the consolidated assets of MB Financial, (ii) any tender offer (including a self-
tender offer) or exchange offer that, if consummated, would result in such third party beneficially owning 25% or more of any class of
equity or voting securities of MB Financial or its subsidiaries whose assets, individually or in the aggregate, constitute 25% or more of the
consolidated assets of MB Financial, or (iii) a merger, consolidation, share exchange, business combination, reorganization, recapitalization,
liquidation, dissolution or other similar transaction involving MB Financial or its subsidiaries whose assets, individually or in the aggregate,
constitute 25% or more of the consolidated assets of MB Financial.

 

 

•  As used in the merger agreement, “Superior Proposal” means a bona fide written Acquisition Proposal that MB Financial’s Board of
Directors concludes in good faith to be more favorable to MB Financial’s stockholders than the merger and the other transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement, (i) after receiving the advice of its financial advisors (who must be a nationally recognized
investment banking firm), (ii) after taking into account the likelihood of consummation of such transaction on the terms set forth therein and
(iii) after taking into account all legal (with the advice of outside counsel), financial (including the financing terms of any such proposal),
regulatory and other aspects of such proposal (including any expense reimbursement provisions and conditions to closing) and any other
relevant factors permitted under applicable law; provided, that for purposes of the definition of “Superior Proposal,” the references to “25%”
in the definition of Acquisition Proposal shall be deemed to be references to “a majority.”

Representations and Warranties

The merger agreement contains representations and warranties made by MB Financial to Fifth Third relating to a number of matters, including the
following:
 

 •  corporate organization, qualification to do business, good standing, corporate power, and subsidiaries;
 

 •  capitalization;
 

 •  requisite corporate authority to enter into the merger agreement and to complete the contemplated transactions;
 

92



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 103/219

Table of Contents

 
•  absence of conflicts with governing documents, applicable laws or certain agreements and instruments as a result of entering into the merger

agreement or completing the merger;
 

 •  required regulatory consents necessary in connection with the merger;
 

 
•  proper filing of documents with regulatory agencies and the SEC and the accuracy of information contained in the documents filed with the

SEC, and Sarbanes-Oxley certifications;
 

 
•  conformity with U.S. GAAP and SEC requirements of MB Financial’s financial statements filed with the SEC and the absence of

undisclosed liabilities;
 

 •  accounting and internal controls;
 

 •  broker’s and finder’s fees related to the merger;
 

 •  absence of a material adverse effect since December 31, 2017;
 

 •  legal proceedings and absence of orders, judgments and regulatory restrictions;
 

 •  tax matters;
 

 •  employee and employee benefits matters;
 

 •  compliance with applicable law;
 

 •  material contracts
 

 •  agreements with regulatory agencies;
 

 •  derivatives
 

 •  environmental matters;
 

 •  investments;
 

 •  real property;
 

 •  intellectual property;
 

 •  related party transactions;
 

 •  non-applicability of state takeover laws;
 

 •  absence of action or any fact or circumstance that would prevent the merger from qualifying as a reorganization for tax purposes;
 

 •  opinion from financial advisor;
 

 •  accuracy of information provided by MB Financial in this proxy statement/prospectus;
 

 •  loans; and
 

 •  insurance.

The merger agreement also contains representations and warranties made by Fifth Third and Intermediary to MB Financial relating to a number of
matters, including the following:
 

 •  corporate organization, qualification to do business, standing and power, and subsidiaries;
 

 •  capitalization;
 

 •  requisite corporate authority to enter into the merger agreement and to complete the contemplated transactions;
 

 
•  absence of conflicts with governing documents, applicable laws or certain agreements as a result of entering into the merger agreement or

completing the merger;
 

93



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 104/219

Table of Contents

 •  required regulatory consents necessary in connection with the merger;
 

 
•  proper filing of documents with regulatory agencies and the SEC and the accuracy of information contained in the documents filed with the

SEC, and Sarbanes-Oxley certifications;
 

 
•  the conformity with U.S. GAAP and SEC requirements of Fifth Third’s financial statements filed with the SEC and the absence of

undisclosed liabilities;
 

 •  accounting and internal controls;
 

 •  broker’s and finder’s fees related to the merger;
 

 •  the absence of a material adverse effect since December 31, 2017;
 

 •  legal proceedings;
 

 •  tax matters;
 

 •  compliance with applicable law;
 

 •  material contracts;
 

 •  related party transactions;
 

 •  absence of action or any fact or circumstance that would prevent the merger from qualifying as a reorganization for tax purposes; and
 

 •  accuracy of information provided by Fifth Third in this proxy statement/prospectus.

Certain of these representations and warranties are qualified as to “materiality” or “material adverse effect.” For purposes of the merger agreement, a
“material adverse effect” with respect to Fifth Third, MB Financial or Intermediary, as the case may be, means any event, circumstance, development,
change or effect, that individually or in the aggregate, (i) has a material adverse effect on the business, properties, assets, liabilities, results of operations
or financial condition of such person and its subsidiaries taken as a whole (provided, however, that, with respect to this clause (i), material adverse effect
shall not be deemed to include the impact of (A) changes, after the date of the merger agreement, in GAAP or applicable regulatory accounting
requirements or official interpretations thereof, (B) changes, after the date of the merger agreement, in laws, rules or regulations of general applicability
to companies in the industries in which such person or its subsidiaries operate, or interpretations thereof by courts or governmental entities, (C) changes,
after the date of the merger agreement, in global, national or regional political conditions (including the outbreak of war or acts of terrorism) or in
economic or market (including equity, credit and debt markets, as well as changes in interest rates) conditions affecting the financial services industry
generally and not specifically relating to such person or its subsidiaries, (D) public disclosure of the execution of the merger agreement, public
disclosure of consummation of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement (including any effect on such person’s or its subsidiaries’
relationships with its customers, employees or other persons) or actions expressly required by the merger agreement or actions or omissions that are
taken with the prior written consent of or at the written direction of Fifth Third, in the case of MB Financial, or MB Financial, in the case of Fifth Third,
(E) a decline in the trading price of such person’s common stock or the failure, in and of itself, to meet earnings projections or internal financial
forecasts (it being understood that the underlying cause of such decline or failure may be taken into account in determining whether a material adverse
effect on such person has occurred) or (F) in the case of MB Financial, liabilities and other consequences associated with the discontinuance of MB
Financial Bank’s national residential mortgage origination business; except, with respect to clauses (A), (B) or (C), to the extent that the effects of such
change are disproportionately adverse to the business, properties, assets, liabilities, results of operations or financial condition of such person and its
subsidiaries, taken as a whole, as compared to other companies in the industries in which such person and its subsidiaries operate) or (ii) prevents or
materially impairs, or would reasonably likely to prevent or materially impair, the ability of such person to timely consummate the transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement.
 

94



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 105/219

Table of Contents

The representations and warranties in the merger agreement do not survive the effective time of the merger and, as described below under “—
Termination; Termination Fee,” if the merger agreement is validly terminated, there will be no liability under the representations and warranties of the
parties, or otherwise under the merger agreement, unless a party engaged in fraud or willfully breached the merger agreement.

This summary and the copy of the merger agreement attached to this proxy statement/prospectus as Appendix A are included solely to provide investors
with information regarding the terms of the merger agreement. They are not intended to provide factual information about the parties or any of their
respective subsidiaries or affiliates. The merger agreement contains representations and warranties by Fifth Third and MB Financial, which were made
only for purposes of that agreement and as of specific dates. The representations, warranties and covenants in the merger agreement were made solely
for the benefit of the parties to the merger agreement, may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties, including being qualified by
confidential disclosures made for the purposes of allocating contractual risk between the parties to the merger agreement instead of establishing these
matters as facts, and may be subject to standards of materiality applicable to the contracting parties that differ from those generally applicable to
investors. Investors are not third-party beneficiaries under the merger agreement, and in reviewing the representations, warranties and covenants
contained in the merger agreement or any descriptions thereof in this summary, it is important to bear in mind that such representations, warranties and
covenants or any descriptions thereof were not intended by the parties to the merger agreement to be characterizations of the actual state of facts or
condition of Fifth Third, MB Financial or any of their respective subsidiaries or affiliates. Moreover, information concerning the subject matter of the
representations, warranties and covenants may change after the date of the merger agreement, which subsequent information may or may not be fully
reflected in Fifth Third’s and MB Financial’s public disclosures. For the foregoing reasons, the representations, warranties and covenants or any
descriptions of those provisions should not be read alone and should instead be read in conjunction with the other information contained in the reports,
statements and filings that Fifth Third and MB Financial publicly file with the SEC. See “Incorporation of Certain Documents by Reference” beginning
on page 133.

Conditions to the Merger

Conditions to Each Party’s Obligations. The respective obligations of each of Fifth Third and MB Financial to complete the merger are subject to the
satisfaction of the following conditions:
 

 •  receipt of the requisite approval of the MB Financial common stockholders of the merger and charter amendment;
 

 •  approval for the listing on the NASDAQ of the Fifth Third common shares to be issued in connection with the merger;
 

 
•  the effectiveness of the registration statement on Form S-4, of which this proxy statement/prospectus is a part, and the absence of a stop

order or proceeding initiated or threatened by the SEC for that purpose;
 

 
•  the absence of any order, injunction, decree, statute, rule, regulation or other legal restraint or prohibition preventing the consummation of,

or which prohibits or makes illegal the consummation of, the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement; and
 

 
•  the receipt of all required regulatory approvals which are necessary to consummate the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement

and the expiration of all statutory waiting periods without the imposition of a materially burdensome regulatory condition.
 

95



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 106/219

Table of Contents

Conditions to Obligations of Fifth Third and Intermediary. The obligation of Fifth Third and Intermediary to complete the merger is also subject to the
satisfaction, or waiver by Fifth Third (on behalf of itself and Intermediary), of the following conditions:
 

 
•  the accuracy of the representations and warranties of MB Financial as of the date of the merger agreement and as of the closing date of the

merger, other than, in most cases, those failures to be true and correct that would not reasonably be likely to have a material adverse effect
on MB Financial;

 

 
•  performance in all material respects by MB Financial of the obligations required to be performed by it at or prior to the closing date of the

merger; and
 

 •  receipt by Fifth Third of an opinion of Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP as to certain tax matters.

Conditions to Obligations of MB Financial. The obligation of MB Financial to complete the merger is also subject to the satisfaction or waiver by MB
Financial of the following conditions:
 

 
•  the accuracy of the representations and warranties of Fifth Third and Intermediary as of the date of the merger agreement and as of the

closing date of the merger, other than, in most cases, those failures to be true and correct that would not reasonably be likely to have a
material adverse effect on Fifth Third;

 

 
•  performance in all material respects by Fifth Third and Intermediary of the obligations required to be performed by them at or prior to the

closing date of the merger; and
 

 •  receipt by MB Financial of an opinion of Silver, Freedman, Taff & Tiernan LLP as to certain tax matters.

Termination; Termination Fee

The merger agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the effective time of the merger, whether before or after approval of the merger by MB
Financial’s stockholders:
 

 •  by mutual written consent of Fifth Third and MB Financial;
 

 

•  by either Fifth Third or MB Financial, if a required regulatory approval is denied by final, non-appealable action, or if a governmental entity
has issued a final, non-appealable order permanently enjoining or otherwise prohibiting or making illegal the closing of the merger or the
bank merger, unless the failure to obtain a required regulatory approval is due to the failure of the party seeking to terminate the merger
agreement to perform or observe the covenants and agreements of such party set forth in the agreement;

 

 

•  by either Fifth Third or MB Financial, if the merger has not closed by May 20, 2019, unless the failure to close by the termination date is
due to the failure of the party seeking to terminate the merger agreement to perform or observe the covenants and agreements of such party
set forth in the agreement, provided that if on the termination date all closing conditions are satisfied or capable of being satisfied other than
the receipt of all required regulatory approvals, then the termination date may be extended for three months at the option of either Fifth
Third or MB Financial;

 

 
•  by either Fifth Third or MB Financial, if there is a breach by the other party that would, individually or in the aggregate with other breaches

by such party, result in the failure of a closing condition, unless the breach (if curable) is cured by the earlier of May 20, 2019 and 45 days
following written notice of the breach (provided that the terminating party is not then in material breach of the merger agreement); or

 

 
•  by Fifth Third, if, (i) prior to the approval of the MB Financial stockholder matters, the MB Financial Board of Directors (A) submits the

MB Financial stockholder matters to its stockholders without a recommendation for approval, or otherwise withdraws or materially and
adversely modifies its recommendation for approval (or publicly discloses an intention to do so), or recommends to its

 
96



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 107/219

Table of Contents

 

stockholders an Acquisition Proposal other than the merger, or (B) materially breaches its obligation to call a stockholder meeting and
recommend to its stockholders, in accordance with the terms of the merger agreement, the approval of the MB Financial stockholder matters
or to refrain from soliciting alternative acquisition proposals or (ii) a tender offer or exchange offer for 25% or more of MB Financial’s
outstanding shares of common stock is commenced (other than by Fifth Third or its subsidiaries) and the MB Financial Board of Directors
recommends that MB Financial’s stockholders tender or exchange their shares (or fails to recommend a rejection of such tender or exchange
offer within ten business days).

MB Financial must pay Fifth Third a termination fee of $151.2 million in the following circumstances:
 

(1) prior to the effective time of the merger and after the date of the merger agreement, a bona fide Acquisition Proposal has been made known to
senior management or the Board of Directors of MB Financial or made directly to its stockholders generally or any person has publicly announced
(whether or not withdrawn) an Acquisition Proposal with respect to MB Financial and (A) thereafter the merger agreement is terminated by either
party because the merger was not consummated on or before May 20, 2019 and MB Financial stockholders did not approve the MB Financial
stockholder matters or (B) thereafter the merger agreement is terminated by Fifth Third because MB Financial has breached the merger agreement
in such a way as would prevent certain closing conditions from being obtained and would give Fifth Third the right to terminate the merger
agreement and (C) within one year after the termination of the merger agreement, an Acquisition Proposal is consummated or any definitive
agreement with respect to an Acquisition Proposal is entered into (provided that for purposes of the foregoing, the term “Acquisition Proposal”
shall have the meaning assigned to such term elsewhere in this proxy statement/prospectus, except that the references to “25%” in the definition of
an “Acquisition Proposal” elsewhere in this proxy statement/prospectus shall be deemed to be references to “50%”); or

 
(2) Fifth Third terminates the merger agreement because (i) prior to the approval of the MB Financial stockholder matters, the MB Financial Board of

Directors (A) submits the MB Financial stockholder matters to its stockholders without a recommendation for approval, or otherwise withdraws or
materially and adversely modifies its recommendation for approval (or publicly discloses an intention to do so), or recommends to its stockholders
an Acquisition Proposal other than the merger, or (B) materially breaches its obligation to call a stockholder meeting and recommend to its
stockholders, in accordance with the terms of the merger agreement, the approval of the MB Financial stockholder matters or to refrain from
soliciting alternative acquisition proposals or (ii) a tender offer or exchange offer for 25% or more of MB Financial’s outstanding shares of
common stock is commenced (other than by Fifth Third or its subsidiaries) and the MB Financial Board of Directors recommends that MB
Financial’s stockholders tender or exchange their shares (or fails to recommend a rejection of such tender or exchange offer within ten business
days).

Effect of Termination

If the merger agreement is validly terminated, it will become void without any liability on the part of any of the parties unless a party fraudulently or
willfully breaches the merger agreement. However, the provisions of the merger agreement relating to confidentiality obligations of the parties, the
termination fee and certain other technical provisions will continue in effect notwithstanding termination of the merger agreement.

Amendments, Extensions and Waivers

The merger agreement may be amended by the parties, by action taken or authorized by their respective Boards of Directors, at any time before or after
approval of the matters presented in connection with the merger by the stockholders of MB Financial, in writing signed on behalf of each of the parties,
provided that after any approval of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement by the MB Financial stockholders, there may not be, without
further approval of such stockholders, any amendment of the merger agreement that requires further approval under applicable law.
 

97



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 108/219

Table of Contents

At any time prior to the effective time of the merger, the parties, by action taken or authorized by their respective Boards of Directors, may (a) extend
the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts of the other party, (b) waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties
contained in the merger agreement or any document delivered pursuant thereto and (c) waive compliance with any of the agreements or conditions
contained in the merger agreement, provided that after any approval of the merger by the MB Financial stockholders, there may not be, without further
approval of such stockholders, any extension or waiver of the merger agreement or any portion thereof that requires further approval under applicable
law. Any agreement on the part of a party to any extension or waiver must be in writing.

Stock Market Listing

Application will be made by Fifth Third to have the Fifth Third common shares to be issued in connection with the merger approved for listing on the
NASDAQ, which is the principal trading market for existing shares of Fifth Third common shares. If applicable, Fifth Third will use its reasonable best
efforts to have the new Fifth Third preferred stock to be issued in the direct merger (or depositary shares representing interests in the new Fifth Third
preferred stock) approved for listing on the NASDAQ. It is a condition to both parties’ obligation to complete the merger that approval for listing of
shares of Fifth Third common stock is obtained, subject to official notice of issuance. As promptly as reasonably practicable following the effective time
of the merger, MB Financial common stock and the depositary shares representing interests in MB Financial preferred stock will be delisted from the
NASDAQ and deregistered under the Exchange Act.

Board of Directors of Fifth Third

At the closing of the merger, the Board of Directors of Fifth Third will appoint two directors of MB Financial’s Board of Directors to the Board of
Directors of Fifth Third as mutually agreed by Fifth Third and MB Financial, and expand the size of the Board accordingly. At least one of the directors
so appointed must be an independent director of MB Financial.

Fees and Expenses

Except with respect to (i) the termination fee, as described elsewhere in this proxy statement/prospectus, and (ii) if required, all filing and other fees in
connection with any filing under the HSR Act, which shall be borne by Fifth Third, all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the merger
agreement, and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, will be paid by the party incurring such fees or expenses, provided that the costs
and expenses of printing and mailing this proxy statement/prospectus and all filing and other fees paid to the SEC in connection with the merger will be
borne equally by Fifth Third and MB Financial.
 

98



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 109/219

Table of Contents

MATERIAL UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES
OF THE MERGER

This section describes the anticipated material United States federal income tax consequences of the direct merger (as defined in The Merger—Terms of
the Merger above) to U.S. holders (as defined below) of: (1) MB Financial common stock who exchange shares of MB Financial common stock for a
combination of Fifth Third common shares and cash pursuant to the direct merger and (2) MB Financial preferred stock (together with MB Financial
common stock, “MB Financial stock”) who exchange shares of MB Financial preferred stock for new Fifth Third preferred stock pursuant to the direct
merger. This section also describes the anticipated material United States federal income tax consequences of the alternative merger (as defined in The
Merger—Terms of the Merger above) to U.S. holders of: (1) MB Financial common stock who will receive the same merger consideration on the same
terms as in the direct merger and (2) MB Financial preferred stock who will not exchange their shares for Fifth Third preferred stock and will remain the
holders of outstanding and unchanged MB Financial preferred stock, except the MB Financial preferred stockholders will have the right to vote with the
common stockholders as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of such common stockholders.

For purposes of this discussion, a U.S. holder is a beneficial owner of MB Financial stock who for United States federal income tax purposes is:
 

 •  a citizen or individual resident of the United States;
 

 
•  a corporation, or an entity treated as a corporation, created or organized in or under the laws of the United States or any State or the District

of Columbia;
 

 
•  a trust if (1) a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust and one or more U.S.

persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust or (2) such trust has a valid election in effect under applicable
Treasury Regulations to be treated as a United States person; or

 

 •  an estate that is subject to United States federal income tax on its income regardless of its source.

If a partnership (including for this purpose any entity treated as a partnership for United States federal income tax purposes) holds MB Financial stock,
the tax treatment of a partner generally will depend on the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. If you are a partner of a partnership
holding MB Financial stock, you should consult your tax advisor.

This discussion addresses only those MB Financial stockholders that hold their MB Financial stock as a capital asset within the meaning of Section 1221
of the Internal Revenue Code, and does not address all the United States federal income tax consequences that may be relevant to particular MB
Financial stockholders in light of their individual circumstances or to MB Financial stockholders that are subject to special rules, such as:
 

 •  financial institutions;
 

 •  pass-through entities and investors in such entities;
 

 •  insurance companies;
 

 •  tax-exempt organizations;
 

 •  real estate investment trusts;
 

 •  regulated investment companies;
 

 •  mutual funds;
 

 •  dealers in securities;
 

 •  traders in securities that elect to use a mark to market method of accounting;
 

99



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 110/219

Table of Contents

 •  persons who exercise dissenters’ rights;
 

 •  persons that hold MB Financial stock as part of a straddle, hedge, constructive sale or conversion transaction;
 

 •  U.S. expatriates or former citizens or residents of the United States;
 

 •  U.S. holders whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar;
 

 •  persons who are not U.S. holders; and
 

 
•  stockholders who acquired their shares of MB Financial stock through the exercise of an employee stock option or otherwise as

compensation or through a tax-qualified retirement plan, individual retirement accounts or other tax-deferred accounts.

In addition, the discussion does not address any alternative minimum tax or any state, local or foreign tax consequences of the direct merger or
alternative merger.

The following discussion is based on the Internal Revenue Code, its legislative history, existing and proposed regulations thereunder and published
rulings and decisions, all as currently in effect as of the date hereof, and all of which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect. Any such
change could affect the continuing validity of this discussion.

Fifth Third and MB Financial have structured the direct merger or alternative merger to qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a)
of the Internal Revenue Code. The obligation of Fifth Third to complete the direct merger or alternative merger is conditioned upon the receipt at closing
of an opinion from Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP, counsel to Fifth Third, to the effect that the direct merger or alternative merger will for federal
income tax purposes qualify as a reorganization based upon customary representations made by Fifth Third and MB Financial. The obligation of MB
Financial to complete the direct merger or alternative merger is conditioned upon the receipt at closing of an opinion from Silver, Freedman, Taff &
Tiernan LLP, counsel to MB Financial, to the effect that the direct merger or alternative merger will for federal income tax purposes qualify as a
reorganization based upon customary representations made by Fifth Third and MB Financial. Neither of these opinions is binding on the Internal
Revenue Service or the courts. Fifth Third and MB Financial have not requested and do not intend to request any ruling from the Internal Revenue
Service as to the United States federal income tax consequences of the direct merger or alternative merger. Consequently, no assurance can be given that
the Internal Revenue Service will not assert, or that a court would not sustain, a position contrary to any of those set forth below.

The qualification of the alternative merger as a reorganization under Section 368(a)(2)(E) of the Internal Revenue Code depends on the application of
numerous technical requirements, including whether MB Financial stockholders will receive a sufficient amount of Fifth Third common shares to satisfy
the “control” test applicable to the alternative merger. For purposes of Section 368(a)(2)(E) of the Internal Revenue Code, “control” is defined as
ownership of stock possessing at least 80 percent of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock entitled to vote and at least 80 percent of the
total number of shares of all other classes of stock of the corporation. Satisfaction of the control test will depend on the value, as of the closing of the
alternative merger, of the Fifth Third common shares received by holders of MB Financial common stock in exchange for MB Financial common stock
relative to the value of the consideration other than Fifth Third common stock received by holders of MB Financial common stock in exchange for
shares of MB Financial common stock in connection with the alternative merger.

Accordingly, each MB Financial stockholder should consult its tax advisor with respect to the particular tax consequence of the direct merger or
alternative merger to such holder.
 

100



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 111/219

Table of Contents

Tax Consequences of the Direct Merger or Alternative Merger Generally to Holders of MB Financial Stock. If the direct merger or alternative merger is
treated as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code, the tax consequences are as follows:
 

 
•  For MB Financial stockholders who receive Fifth Third common shares and cash in exchange for shares of MB Financial common stock

pursuant to the direct merger or alternative merger:
 

 

•  gain (but not loss) will be recognized in an amount equal to the lesser of (1) the amount by which the sum of the fair market value of
the Fifth Third common shares and cash (other than cash received instead of a fractional Fifth Third common share) received by a
holder of MB Financial common stock exceeds such holder’s tax basis in its MB Financial common stock, and (2) the amount of
cash received by such holder of MB Financial common stock (other than cash received instead of fractional interests in Fifth Third
common shares, which will be treated as discussed in the section entitled “Cash Received Instead of a Fractional Fifth Third
Common Share” below);

 

 

•  the aggregate basis of the Fifth Third common shares received in the direct merger or alternative merger will be the same as the
aggregate basis of the MB Financial common stock for which it is exchanged, decreased by the amount of cash received in the direct
merger or alternative merger (except with respect to any cash received instead of fractional interests in Fifth Third common shares),
decreased by any basis attributable to fractional interests in Fifth Third common shares for which cash is received, and increased by
the amount of any gain recognized on the exchange (regardless of whether such gain is classified as capital gain, or as ordinary
dividend income, as discussed below, but excluding any gain or loss recognized with respect to fractional interests in Fifth Third
common shares for which cash is received); and

 

 
•  the holding period of Fifth Third common shares received in exchange for shares of MB Financial common stock will include the

holding period of the MB Financial common stock for which it is exchanged.
 

 
•  For MB Financial stockholders who receive new Fifth Third preferred stock in exchange for shares of MB Financial preferred stock

pursuant to the direct merger:
 

 •  no gain or loss will be recognized;
 

 
•  the aggregate basis of the new Fifth Third preferred stock received in the direct merger will be the same as the aggregate basis of the

MB Financial preferred stock for which it is exchanged; and
 

 
•  the holding period of new Fifth Third preferred stock received in the direct merger will be the same as the holding period of the MB

Financial preferred stock for which it is exchanged.
 

 
•  For MB Financial stockholders who will not exchange their shares for Fifth Third preferred stock pursuant to the alternative merger and will

remain the holders of MB Financial preferred stock (including the receipt of voting rights prior to the alternative merger):
 

 
•  no gain or loss will be recognized, and the adjusted tax basis and holding period of MB Financial preferred stock will be similarly

unaffected by the alternative merger.

If holders of MB Financial stock acquired different blocks of MB Financial stock at different times or at different prices, any gain will be determined
separately with respect to each block of MB Financial stock and such holders’ basis and holding period in their shares of Fifth Third common stock will
be determined by reference to each block of MB Financial stock. Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the manner in which gain should be
determined for each identifiable block of MB Financial stock surrendered in the direct merger or alternative merger. In addition, for purposes of
calculating gain, the fair market value of Fifth Third common stock is based on the trading price of that stock on the date of completion of the direct
merger or alternative merger.

Gain that holders of MB Financial common stock recognize in connection with the direct merger or alternative merger generally will constitute capital
gain and will constitute long-term capital gain if such holders have held
 

101



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 112/219

Table of Contents

(or are treated as having held) their MB Financial common stock for more than one year as of the date of the direct merger or alternative merger. Long-
term capital gain of non-corporate holders of MB Financial common stock is generally taxed at preferential rates. All or part of the gain that a particular
U.S. holder of MB Financial common stock recognizes could be treated as dividend income rather than capital gain if (i) such U.S. holder is a
significant shareholder of Fifth Third or (ii) such U.S. holder’s percentage ownership, taking into account constructive ownership rules, in Fifth Third
after the direct merger or alternative merger is not meaningfully reduced from what its percentage ownership would have been if it had received solely
Fifth Third common shares rather than a combination of cash and Fifth Third common shares in the direct merger or alternative merger. This could
happen, for example, because of ownership of additional Fifth Third common shares by such holder, ownership of Fifth Third common shares by a
person related to such holder or a share repurchase by Fifth Third from other holders of Fifth Third common shares. The Internal Revenue Service has
indicated in rulings that any reduction in the interest of a minority shareholder that owns a small number of shares in a publicly and widely held
corporation and that exercises no control over corporate affairs would result in capital gain as opposed to dividend treatment. Because the possibility of
dividend treatment depends primarily upon each holder’s particular circumstances, including the application of the constructive ownership rules, holders
of MB Financial common stock should consult their tax advisors regarding the application of the foregoing rules to their particular circumstances.

Cash Received Instead of a Fractional Fifth Third Common Share. A holder of MB Financial common stock who receives cash instead of a fractional
Fifth Third common share will generally be treated as having received the fractional share pursuant to the direct merger or alternative merger and then as
having sold that fractional Fifth Third common share for cash. As a result, a holder of MB Financial common stock will generally recognize gain or loss
equal to the difference between the amount of cash received and the basis in his or her fractional share interest as set forth above. Except as described
above, this gain or loss will generally be capital gain or loss, and will be long-term capital gain or loss if, as of the effective date of the direct merger or
alternative merger, the holding period for such shares is greater than one year. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations.

Net Investment Income Tax. A U.S. holder that is an individual is subject to a 3.8% tax on the lesser of: (i) his or her “net investment income” for the
relevant taxable year; or (ii) the excess of his or her modified adjusted gross income for the taxable year over a certain threshold (between $125,000 and
$250,000 depending on the individual’s U.S. federal income tax filing status). Estates and trusts are subject to similar rules. Net investment income
generally would include any capital gain recognized in connection with the direct merger or alternative merger (including any gain treated as a
dividend), as well as, among other items, other interest, dividends, capital gains and rental or royalty income received by such individual. Holders
should consult their tax advisors as to the application of this additional tax to their circumstances.

Backup Withholding and Information Reporting. Payments of cash to a holder of MB Financial common stock may, under certain circumstances, be
subject to information reporting and backup withholding, unless the holder provides proof of an applicable exemption satisfactory to Fifth Third and the
exchange agent or furnishes its taxpayer identification number, and otherwise complies with all applicable requirements of the backup withholding rules.
Any amounts withheld from payments to a holder under the backup withholding rules are not additional tax and will be allowed as a refund or credit
against the holder’s United States federal income tax liability, provided the required information is furnished to the Internal Revenue Service.

A U.S. holder of MB Financial stock who receives Fifth Third stock as a result of the direct merger or alternative merger will be required to retain
records pertaining to the direct merger or alternative merger. Each U.S. holder of MB Financial stock who is required to file a U.S. federal income tax
return and who is a “significant holder” that receives Fifth Third stock in the direct merger or alternative merger will be required to file a statement with
such U.S. federal income tax return in accordance with Treasury Regulations Section 1.368-3 setting forth such holder’s basis (determined immediately
prior to the exchange) in the MB Financial stock surrendered and the fair market value (determined immediately prior to the exchange) of the MB
Financial stock that is exchanged by such significant holder. A “significant holder” is a holder of MB Financial stock who, immediately before the
 

102



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 113/219

Table of Contents

direct merger or alternative merger, owned at least 5% of the outstanding stock of MB Financial or securities of MB Financial with a basis for federal
income taxes of at least $1.0 million.

The preceding discussion is intended only as a summary of material United States federal income tax consequences of the direct merger or
alternative merger and does not address tax consequences that may vary with, or are contingent on, individual circumstances. Moreover, it does
not address any non-income tax or any foreign, state or local tax consequences of the direct merger or alternative merger. Thus, you are
strongly encouraged to consult your tax advisor as to the specific tax consequences resulting from the direct merger or alternative merger,
including tax return reporting requirements, the applicability and effect of federal, state, local, and other tax laws and the effect of any
proposed changes in the tax laws.
 

103



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 114/219

Table of Contents

COMPARISON OF STOCKHOLDERS’ RIGHTS

General

MB Financial is incorporated under the laws of the State of Maryland and the rights of MB Financial stockholders are governed by the laws of the State
of Maryland, including the Maryland General Corporation Law (which we refer to as the “MGCL”), MB Financial’s charter and MB Financial’s bylaws.
As a result of the merger, MB Financial stockholders who receive Fifth Third common shares will become Fifth Third stockholders. Fifth Third is
incorporated under the laws of the State of Ohio and the rights of Fifth Third stockholders are governed by the laws of the State of Ohio, including the
Ohio General Corporation Law (which we refer to as the “OGCL”), Fifth Third’s articles and Fifth Third’s regulations. Thus, following the merger, the
rights of MB Financial stockholders who become Fifth Third stockholders in the merger will no longer be governed by the laws of the State of
Maryland, MB Financial’s charter and MB Financial’s bylaws and instead will be governed by the laws of the State of Ohio, as well as by Fifth Third’s
articles and Fifth Third’s regulations.

Comparison of Stockholders’ Rights

Set forth below is a summary comparison of material differences between the rights of Fifth Third stockholders under the OGCL, Fifth Third’s articles
and Fifth Third’s regulations (right column), and the rights of MB Financial stockholders under the MGCL, MB Financial’s charter and MB Financial’s
bylaws (left column). The summary set forth below is not intended to be complete or to provide a comprehensive discussion of each company’s
governing documents. This summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of Fifth Third’s articles and Fifth Third’s regulations, and
MB Financial’s charter and MB Financial’s bylaws, as well as the relevant provisions of the OGCL and the MGCL. Copies of Fifth Third’s and MB
Financial’s governing documents are filed as exhibits to the reports of Fifth Third and MB Financial as incorporated by reference into this proxy
statement/prospectus. See the section entitled “Where You Can Find More Information” in the forepart of this proxy statement/prospectus.
 

MB Financial   Fifth Third
Authorized Capital Stock

MB Financial’s charter authorizes MB Financial to issue up to 120,000,000
shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, and 10,000,000 shares of
preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share. As of the record date, there were
84,420,704 shares of MB Financial common stock outstanding and 200,000
shares of MB Financial preferred stock outstanding.
 
MB Financial’s charter authorizes MB Financial’s Board of Directors to
classify or reclassify any unissued shares of capital stock from time to time
into one or more classes or series of stock by setting or changing in one or
more respects the preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers,
restrictions, limitations as to dividends, qualifications or terms and conditions
of redemption of such shares. MB Financial is authorized under its charter to
issue additional shares of capital stock, up to the amount authorized,
generally without stockholder approval. In addition, MB Financial’s charter
provides by its terms that it may be amended by MB Financial’s Board of
Directors, without a stockholder vote, to change the number of shares of
capital stock authorized.   

Fifth Third’s articles authorize Fifth Third to issue up to 2,000,000,000
common shares, with no par value, and 500,000 shares of preferred
stock, with no par value. As of August 1, 2018, there were 666,343,936
shares of the Fifth Third common shares outstanding and 54,000 shares
of preferred stock outstanding.

 
104



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 115/219

Table of Contents

MB Financial   Fifth Third
Number of Directors

 

MB Financial’s bylaws provide that MB Financial will have the number of
directors set forth in its charter until changed to a number not greater than 25
by the Board of Directors by a vote of a majority of the whole Board
(meaning the total number of directors MB Financial would have if there
were no vacancies on the Board). MB Financial currently has 11 directors.
 
Under the MGCL, the minimum number of directors is one.

  

Fifth Third’s regulations provide that the Board of Directors shall be
composed of fifteen persons unless that number is changed from time
to time by the vote of a majority of the Board of Directors or by the
shareholders pursuant to the OGCL.
 
Fifth Third’s Board of Directors may, by a majority vote of directors
then in office, increase the number of Directors to not more than thirty
persons or decrease the number of Directors to not less than ten
persons. Under the OGCL, Fifth Third’s stockholders may fix or
change the size of Fifth Third’s Board of Directors notwithstanding the
foregoing range at a meeting of the stockholders of Fifth Third called
for the purpose of electing directors at which a quorum is present by
the affirmative vote of the majority of the shares that are represented at
the meeting and entitled to vote on the proposal. Fifth Third’s Board of
Directors presently consists of 12 directors.
 
Under the OGCL, the number of directors of a corporation may not be
less than one.

Classes of Directors
 

MB Financial’s Board of Directors is not classified. MB Financial’s charter
provides for the annual election of all directors.

  

Fifth Third’s Board of Directors is not classified. Fifth Third’s
regulations provide for one class of directors that may increase to be no
more than 30 and no less than 10 directors. Fifth Third directors are
elected at the annual meeting of the shareholders and serve until the
next annual meeting of the shareholders or until their successors are
elected.

Special Meetings of the Board of Directors
 

MB Financial’s bylaws provide that a special meeting of the Board of
Directors may be called by one-third of the directors then in office (rounded
up to the nearest whole number) or by the Chairman of the Board of
Directors. Notice of the place, date, and time of each such special meeting
must be given to each director by whom it is not waived by mailing written
notice not less than five days before the meeting or by e-mailing faxing of the
same not less than 24 hours before the meeting.   

Fifth Third’s regulations provide that a special meeting of directors will
be called by the Secretary whenever requested by the Chairman of the
Board, Vice Chairman of the Board, Lead Director or five or more of
the directors. Notice of each special meeting of the Board shall be
given to each director personally or by telegram or cablegram, no later
than two days before the meeting is to be held, or by mail, at least
seven days before the day on which the meeting is held.

 
105



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 116/219

Table of Contents

MB Financial   Fifth Third
Removal of Directors

 

MB Financial’s charter provides that, subject to the rights of the holders of
any class of preferred or other stock outstanding, directors may be removed
from office only for cause and only by the vote of the holders of at least a
majority of the voting power of the outstanding shares of capital stock
entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (which we refer to as
“voting stock”), voting together as a single class.

  

Fifth Third’s regulations provide that no director shall be removed
without cause during his term of office and that any director may be
removed for cause at any time by the action of the holders of record of
a majority of the outstanding shares of Fifth Third commons stock
entitled to vote thereon at a meeting of the shareholders, and the
vacancy in the Board of Directors caused by such removal may be
filled by action of the shareholders at such meeting or any subsequent
meeting.

Filling Vacancies on the Board of Directors
 

MB Financial’s bylaws provide that, subject to the rights of the holders of any
class or series of preferred or other stock then outstanding, newly created
directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of
directors or any vacancies in the Board of Directors resulting from death,
resignation, retirement, disqualification, removal from office or other cause
may be filled by a majority vote of the directors then in office, though less
than a quorum, and any director so chosen shall hold office until the next
annual meeting of stockholders and until his or her successor is elected and
qualified. No decrease in the number of directors constituting the Board of
Directors will shorten the term of any incumbent director. A vacancy
resulting from the removal of a director may be filled by the stockholders.

  

Ohio law provides that, unless the articles or the regulations otherwise
provide, the remaining directors, though less than a majority of the
whole authorized number of directors, may, by the vote of a majority of
their number, fill any vacancy in the board of directors for the
unexpired term. A vacancy exists if the shareholders increase the
authorized number of directors but fail at the meeting at which the
increase is authorized, or an adjournment of that meeting, to elect the
additional directors provided for, or if the shareholders fail at any time
to elect the whole authorized number of directors. In case of any
removal of a director, a new director may be elected at the same
meeting for the unexpired term of each director removed. Failure to
elect a director to fill the unexpired term of any director removed is
deemed to create a vacancy on the board of directors.
 
Fifth Third’s regulations provides that, except for vacancies created by
the removal of a director, in the case of any increase in the number of
directors, or any vacancy created by the death, resignation or otherwise
of a director, the additional director or directors may be elected or, as
the case may be, the vacancy or vacancies may be filled either: (1) by
the Fifth Third Board of Directors at any meeting by the affirmative
vote of a majority of the remaining directors (though less than a
quorum) or (2) by the holders of Fifth Third common stock entitled to
vote thereon, either at an annual meeting of shareholders or at a special
meeting called for that purpose. The vacancy in the Board of Directors
caused by the removal of a director may be filled by action of the
stockholders at a meeting of stockholders.

 
106



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 117/219

Table of Contents

MB Financial   Fifth Third
Nomination of Director Candidates by Stockholders

 

MB Financial’s bylaws provide that the Secretary of MB Financial must
receive written notice of any stockholder director nomination for a meeting of
stockholders not less than 90 days or more than 120 days before the date of
the meeting. If, however, less than 100 days’ notice or prior public disclosure
of the date of the meeting is given or made to stockholders, notice of the
nomination must be received by the Secretary no later than the tenth day
following the day on which notice of the meeting is mailed or public
disclosure of the meeting date is first made, whichever occurs first.

  

Fifth Third’s regulations provide that shareholders may nominate
persons for election to the Board of Directors at annual meetings and at
any special meetings at which directors will be elected. The nominating
shareholder must be a shareholder of record both at the time of giving
notice of such nomination and at the time of the meeting and must be
entitled to vote at such meeting. Notice of nominations must be
delivered to the principal executive offices of Fifth Third not less than
60 nor more than 90 days prior to the anniversary of the previous year’s
annual meeting. If, however, the date of the annual meeting is more
than 30 days before or more than 60 days after such anniversary date,
for notice by the shareholder to be timely, it must be so delivered not
earlier than the 90th day prior to such annual meeting and not later than
60th day prior to such annual meeting or, if the first public
announcement of such annual meeting is less than 100 days prior to the
date of such annual meeting, the 10th day following the day on which
such public announcement is first made by the Company.

Calling Special Meetings of Stockholders
 

MB Financial’s bylaws provide that special meetings of stockholders may be
called by the president or MB Financial’s Board of Directors by vote of a
majority of the whole Board. In addition, MB Financial’s bylaws provide that
a special meeting of stockholders shall be called by the Secretary of MB
Financial on the written request of stockholders entitled to cast at least a
majority of all votes entitled to be cast at the meeting.   

Under Fifth Third’s regulations, a special meeting of the holders of any
or all classes or series of Fifth Third stock may be called at any time by
the Board of Directors. Special Meetings of the common stockholders
may be called by the Secretary upon written request made by holders of
common stock who hold of record collectively at least 25% of the
outstanding shares of common stock.

Stockholder Proposals
 

MB Financial’s bylaws provide that the Secretary of MB Financial must
receive written notice of any stockholder proposal for business at an annual
meeting of stockholders not less than 90 days or more than 120 days before
the anniversary of the preceding year’s annual meeting. If the date of the
current year’s annual meeting is advanced by more than 20 days or delayed
by more than 60 days from the anniversary date of the preceding year’s
annual meeting, notice of the proposal must be received by MB Financial’s
Secretary no earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to the   

Fifth Third’s regulations provide that to properly bring business before
an annual meeting, a shareholder must provide to the Secretary of Fifth
Third a shareholder’s notice delivered to the principal executive offices
of Fifth Third not less than 60 nor more than 90 days prior to the
anniversary of the previous year’s annual meeting. If, however, the date
of the annual meeting is more than 30 days before or more than 60 days
after such anniversary date, notice by the shareholder to be timely must
be delivered not earlier than the 90th day prior to such annual meeting

 
107



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 118/219

Table of Contents

MB Financial   Fifth Third
date of the annual meeting and no later than the close of business on the later
of the 90th day prior to the annual meeting or the tenth day following the day
on which notice of the meeting is mailed or public disclosure of the meeting
date is first made, whichever occurs first.

  

and not later than the 60th day prior to such annual meeting or, if the
first public announcement of such annual meeting is less than 100 days
prior to the date of such annual meeting, the 10th day following the day
on which such public announcement is first made by Fifth Third. Such
shareholder must hold their shares of record both on the date notice is
provided to Fifth Third and on the date of the meeting. Fifth Third’s
regulations will not affect any rights of shareholders to request
inclusion of proposals in Fifth Third’s proxy statement pursuant to Rule
14a-8 under the Exchange Act.

Action by Written Consent
 

MB Financial’s bylaws provide that, except as described in the following
sentence, any action required or permitted to be taken at a meeting of
stockholders may instead be taken without a meeting if a unanimous written
consent which sets forth the action is given in writing or by electronic
transmission by each stockholder entitled to vote on the matter. The bylaws
also provide that, unless MB Financial’s charter provides otherwise, the
holders of any class of MB Financial voting stock, other than common stock,
may act without a meeting if a consent is given in writing or by electronic
transmission by the holders entitled to cast the minimum number of votes that
would be necessary to approve the action at a meeting of stockholders.   

Under the OGCL, Fifth Third shareholders may take action, without a
meeting, by the written unanimous consent of shareholders who would
be entitled to notice of a shareholders meeting held for such purpose.
Otherwise, shareholders are able to take action only at an annual or
special meeting called in accordance with Fifth Third’s regulations.

Notice of Stockholder Meetings
 

MB Financial’s bylaws provide that notice in writing or by electronic
transmission of the time and place of the meeting, the means of remote
communication, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be
deemed to be present in person and may vote at the meeting, and, if the
meeting is a special meeting or notice of the purpose is required by statute,
the purpose of the meeting.

  

Fifth Third’s regulations provide that Fifth Third must give written
notice, either by personal delivery, mail, or any other means of
communication authorized by the shareholder to whom the notice is
given, not less than seven nor more than 60 days before any
shareholders meeting, to each shareholder entitled to vote at such a
meeting. The notice shall be in a form approved by the Board of
Directors, and state the place, time, and purposes of the meeting.

Quorum at Stockholders Meetings
 

MB Financial’s bylaws provide that, at any meeting of stockholders, the
holders of a majority of all the shares of stock entitled to vote at the meeting,
present in person or by proxy, shall constitute a quorum for all purposes,
except to the extent that the presence of a larger number may be required by
law.   

Fifth Third’s regulations provide that the presence of holders of shares
entitled to exercise a majority of the voting power of Fifth Third at the
meeting in person, by proxy, or by the use of communications
equipment shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at
any meeting of the shareholders.

 
108



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 119/219

Table of Contents

MB Financial   Fifth Third
Stockholder Rights Plan

 

MB Financial has not adopted a stockholder rights plan.   Fifth Third has not adopted a shareholder rights plan.

Anti-Takeover Provisions and Other Stockholder Protections
 

Voting Limitation. MB Financial’s charter generally prohibits any stockholder
that beneficially owns more than 14.9% of the outstanding shares of MB
Financial common stock from voting shares in excess of this limit.
 
Control Share Acquisitions. The MGCL contains a control share acquisition
statute which, in general terms, provides that where a stockholder acquires
issued and outstanding shares of a corporation’s voting stock (which we refer
to as “control shares”) within one of several specified ranges (one-tenth or
more but less than one-third, one-third or more but less than a majority, or a
majority or more), approval by stockholders of the control share acquisition
must be obtained before the acquiring stockholder may vote the control
shares. The required stockholder vote is two-thirds of all votes entitled to be
cast, excluding “interested shares,” defined as shares held by the acquiring
person, officers of the corporation and employees who are also directors of
the corporation. A corporation may, however, opt-out of the control share
statute through a charter or bylaw provision, which MB Financial has done
pursuant to its bylaws. Accordingly, the MGCL control share acquisition
statute does not apply to acquisitions of shares of MB Financial common
stock. Though not expected, MB Financial could decide to become subject to
the MGCL control share acquisition statute by amending its bylaws to
eliminate the opt-out provision.
 
Certain Business Combinations. MB Financial’s charter provides that certain
business combinations (e.g., mergers, share exchanges, significant asset sales
and significant stock issuances) involving “interested stockholders” of MB
Financial require, in addition to any vote required by law, the approval of a
majority of the voting power of the outstanding shares of voting stock that is
not beneficially owned by the interested stockholder in question, voting
together as a single class, unless either (i) a majority of the disinterested
directors have approved the business combination or (ii) certain fair price and
procedure requirements are satisfied. An “interested stockholder” generally
means a person who is a greater than 14.9% stockholder of MB Financial or
who is an affiliate of MB Financial and at

  

The articles of incorporation and regulations of Fifth Third contain
various provisions that could make more difficult a change in control of
Fifth Third or discourage a tender offer or other plan to restructure
Fifth Third. The ability of Fifth Third to issue shares of Fifth Third
preferred stock may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing
a change in control of Fifth Third. Additionally, Ohio law contains
provisions that would also make more difficult a change in control of
Fifth Third or discourage a tender offer or other plan to restructure
Fifth Third. The following discussion of some of these provisions is
qualified in its entirety by reference to those particular statutory and
regulatory provisions.
 
Ohio Control Share Acquisition Act. Section 1701.831 of the Ohio
Revised Code, the Ohio Control Share Acquisition Act, provides that
any “control share acquisition” of an Ohio issuing public corporation
shall be made only with the prior authorization of the shareholders of
the issuing public corporation in accordance with the provisions of the
Ohio Control Share Acquisition Act. A “control share acquisition” is
defined under the Ohio Control Share Acquisition Act to mean the
acquisition, directly or indirectly, by any person of shares of an issuing
public corporation that, when added to all other shares of the issuing
public corporation such person owns, would entitle such person,
directly or indirectly, to exercise voting power in the election of
directors within the following ranges: more than 20%; more than 33%;
and a majority.
 
The Ohio Control Share Acquisition Act requires that the acquiring
person must deliver an acquiring person statement to the Ohio issuing
public corporation. The Ohio issuing public corporation must then call
a special meeting of its shareholders to vote upon the proposed
acquisition within 50 days after receipt of such acquiring person
statement, unless the acquiring person agrees to a later date.
 
The Ohio Control Share Acquisition Act further specifies that the
shareholders of the Ohio issuing

 
109



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 120/219

Table of Contents

MB Financial   Fifth Third
any time within the past two years was a greater than 14.9% stockholder of
MB Financial.
 
The MGCL contains a business combination statute that prohibits a business
combination between a corporation and an interested stockholder (for
purposes of the MGCL business combination statute, one who beneficially
owns 10% or more of the voting power) for a period of five years after the
most recent date on which the interested stockholder became an interested
stockholder, unless the transaction has been approved by the Board of
Directors before the most recent date on which the interested stockholder
became an interested stockholder or the corporation has exempted itself from
the statute pursuant to a charter provision. After the five-year period has
elapsed, a corporation subject to the statute may not consummate a business
combination with an interested stockholder unless (1) the transaction has been
recommended by the Board of Directors and (2) the transaction has been
approved by (a) 80% of the outstanding shares entitled to be cast and
(b) two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast other than shares owned by the
interested stockholder. This approval requirement need not be met if certain
fair price and terms criteria have been satisfied. MB Financial has opted-out
of the MGCL business combination statute through a provision in its charter.
 
MB Financial’s charter generally prohibits MB Financial from acquiring any
of its own equity securities from a beneficial owner of 5% or more of MB
Financial’s voting stock unless: (i) the acquisition is approved by the holders
of a majority of MB Financial’s voting stock not owned by the seller, voting
together as a single class; (ii) the acquisition is made as part of a tender or
exchange offer by MB Financial or a subsidiary of MB Financial to purchase
securities of the same class on the same terms to all holders of such securities;
(iii) the acquisition is pursuant to an open market purchase program approved
by a majority of the Board of Directors, including a majority of the
disinterested directors; or (iv) the acquisition is at or below the market price
of the MB Financial common stock and is approved by a majority of the
Board of Directors, including a majority of the disinterested directors.

  

public corporation must approve the proposed control share acquisition
by certain percentages at a special meeting of shareholders at which a
quorum is present. In order to comply with the Ohio Control Share
Acquisition Act, the acquiring person may only acquire the shares of
the Ohio issuing public corporation upon the affirmative vote of (1) a
majority of the voting power of the shares of the Ohio issuing public
corporation common stock that is represented in person or by proxy at
the separate special meeting and (2) a majority of the voting power of
the shares of the Ohio issuing public corporation common stock that is
represented in person or by proxy at the special meeting excluding
those shares of the Ohio issuing public corporation common stock
deemed to be “interested shares” for purposes of the Ohio Control
Share Acquisition Act.
 
Ohio Merger Moratorium Statute. Chapter 1704 of the Ohio Revised
Code prohibits an issuing public corporation from engaging in certain
transactions with an interested shareholder for a period of three years
following the date on which the person became an interested
shareholder unless, prior to such date, the directors of the issuing
public corporation approve either the transaction or the acquisition of
shares pursuant to which such person became an interested shareholder.
Fifth Third is an issuing public corporation for purposes of the statute.
An interested shareholder is any person who is the beneficial owner of
a sufficient number of shares to allow such person, directly or
indirectly, alone or with others, including affiliates and associates, to
exercise or direct the exercise of 10% of the voting power of the
issuing public corporation in the election of directors.
 
The transactions restricted by Chapter 1704 include:
 

•  any merger, consolidation, combination or majority share
acquisition between or involving an issuing public
corporation and an interested shareholder or an affiliate or
associate of an interested shareholder;

 

•  certain transfers of property, dividends and issuance or
transfers of shares from or by an issuing public corporation
or a subsidiary of an issuing public corporation to, with or for
the benefit of an interested shareholder or an affiliate or
associate of an interested shareholder unless such

 
110



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 121/219

Table of Contents

MB Financial   Fifth Third

  

transaction is in the ordinary course of business of the issuing public
corporation on terms no more favorable to the interested shareholder
than those acceptable to third parties as demonstrated by
contemporaneous transactions; and
 

•  certain transactions that (1) increase the proportionate share
ownership of an interested shareholder, (2) result in the
adoption of a plan or proposal for the dissolution, winding up
of the affairs or liquidation of the issuing public corporation
if such plan is proposed by or on behalf of the interested
shareholder or (3) pledge or extend the credit or financial
resources of the issuing public corporation to or for the
benefit of the interested shareholder.

 
After the initial three-year moratorium has expired, an issuing public
corporation may engage in a transaction subject to Chapter 1704 if:
(1) the acquisition of shares pursuant to which the person became an
interested shareholder received the prior approval of the board of
directors of the issuing public corporation, (2) the transaction subject to
Chapter 1704 is approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of
shares representing at least two-thirds of the voting power of the
issuing public corporation and by the holders of shares representing at
least a majority of voting shares that are not beneficially owned by an
interested shareholder or an affiliate or associate of an interested
shareholder or (3) the transaction subject to Chapter 1704 meets certain
statutory tests designed to ensure that it be economically fair to all
shareholders.
 
Ohio Tender Offer Procedures. Ohio law also provides that an offeror
may not make a tender offer or request an invitation for tenders that
would result in the offeror beneficially owning more than 10% of any
class of the target company’s equity securities unless such offeror files
certain information with the Ohio Division of Securities and provides
such information to the target company and the offerees within Ohio.
The Ohio Division of Securities may suspend the continuation of the
control bid if it determines that the offeror’s filed information does not
provide full disclosure to the offerees of all material information
concerning the control bid. The statute also provides that an offeror
may not acquire

 
111



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 122/219

Table of Contents

MB Financial   Fifth Third

  

any equity security of a target company within two years of the
offeror’s previous acquisition of any equity security of the same target
company pursuant to a control bid unless the Ohio offerees may sell
such security to the offeror on substantially the same terms as provided
by the previous control bid. The statute does not apply to a transaction
if either the offeror or the target company is a savings and loan or bank
holding company and the proposed transaction requires federal
regulatory approval.

Indemnification of Directors and Officers
 

MB Financial’s charter provides that MB Financial will indemnify and
advance expenses to its directors and officers to the fullest extent required or
permitted by the MGCL. MB Financial’s charter also provides that MB
Financial will indemnify other employees and agents to the extent authorized
by its Board of Directors and permitted by law.
 
The MGCL permits a corporation to indemnify its directors, officers,
employees and agents against judgments, penalties, fines, settlements and
reasonable expenses actually incurred unless it is proven that (1) the conduct
of the person was material to the matter giving rise to the proceeding and the
person acted in bad faith or with active and deliberate dishonesty, (2) the
person actually received an improper personal benefit or (3) in the case of a
criminal proceeding, the person had reason to believe that his conduct was
unlawful. The MGCL provides that where a person is a defendant in a
derivative proceeding, the person may not be indemnified if the person is
found liable to the corporation. The MGCL also provides that a person may
not be indemnified in respect of any proceeding alleging improper personal
benefit in which the person was found liable on the grounds that personal
benefit was improperly received. The person found liable in the derivative
proceeding or in the proceeding alleging improper personal benefit may
petition a court to nevertheless order indemnification for expenses if the court
determines that the person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification
in view of all the relevant circumstances. The MGCL provides that unless
otherwise provided in the corporation’s charter, a director or officer (but not
an employee or agent) who is successful on the merits or otherwise in defense
of any proceeding must be indemnified against reasonable expenses.

  

Under the OGCL, a corporation may indemnify directors and officers
from liability, other than in an action by or in the right of the
corporation, by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director or
officer, if such person acted in good faith and in a manner reasonably
believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation,
and with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, if such person
had no reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful. In
the case of an action by or in the right of a corporation, a person may
not be indemnified (i) for negligence or misconduct in the performance
of his duty to the corporation, unless the court in which such action was
brought determines such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to
indemnification or (ii) if liability asserted against such person concerns
certain unlawful distributions. The indemnification provisions of the
OGCL require indemnification of a director who has been successful
on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action that he was a party
to by reason of the fact that he is or was a director of the corporation.
The indemnification authorized by the OGCL is not exclusive and is in
addition to any other rights granted to directors under the articles of
incorporation or regulations of the corporation or to any agreement
between the directors and the corporation.
 
Under Fifth Third’s regulations, Fifth Third shall indemnify, to the
fullest extent permitted by the OGCL, directors, officers, and
employees who serve at the request of Fifth Third as directors, officers
or employees of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or
other enterprise from liability by reason of the fact that he or she is or
was a director, officer, or employee of Fifth Third, or is or was serving
at the request of Fifth Third as a director,

 
112



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 123/219

Table of Contents

MB Financial   Fifth Third

 
The MGCL provides that reasonable expenses incurred by a director, officer,
employee or agent who is a party to a proceeding may be paid by the
corporation in advance of the final disposition of the proceeding if the
corporation receives a written affirmation from the person to receive the
advancement of that person’s good faith belief that he or she has met the
standard of conduct necessary for indemnification and a written undertaking
by the person to repay the advanced amount if it is ultimately determined that
he or she has not met the standard of conduct.
 
MB Financial’s charter provides, consistent with the MGCL, that the rights to
indemnification and to the advancement of expenses conferred by MB
Financial’s charter are not exclusive of any other right which a person may
have under any statute, the charter, MB Financial’s bylaws, any agreement,
any vote of stockholders or the Board of Directors, or otherwise.   

trustee, officer, or employee of a bank, other corporation, partnership,
joint venture, trust, or other enterprise. Under the OGCL, in the case of
a merger into Fifth Third of a constituent corporation which, if its
separate existence had continued, would have been required to
indemnify directors, officers, or employees in specified situations prior
to the merger, any person who served as a director, officer, or employee
of the constituent corporation, or served at the request of the
constituent corporation as a director, trustee, officer, or employee of a
bank, other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, or other
enterprise, shall be entitled to indemnification by Fifth Third (as the
surviving entity) for acts, omissions, or other events or occurrences
prior to the merger to the same extent he or she would have been
entitled to indemnification by the constituent corporation if its separate
existence had continued.

Limitation on Directors’ and Officers’ Liability
 

Consistent with the MGCL, MB Financial’s charter provides that an officer or
director of MB Financial may not be liable to MB Financial or its
stockholders for money damages, except to the extent:
 

•   it is proved that the person actually received an improper benefit, for the
amount of the benefit;

 

•   a final judgment or adjudication against the person is based on a finding
that the person’s action, or failure to act, was the result of active and
deliberate dishonesty and was material to the cause of action against the
person; or

 

•   otherwise provided by the MGCL.
 
Under the MGCL, a director whose duties were not performed in accordance
with the standard of conduct for directors under the MGCL and who votes for
or assents to a distribution in violation of the corporation’s charter or the
MGCL is personally liable to the corporation for the amount of excess
distribution.   

Under the OGCL, a director or officer shall be liable in damages for
any action that such person takes or fails to take in such capacity only
if it is proved by clear and convincing evidence that such person’s
action or failure to act involved an act or omission undertaken with
deliberate intent to cause injury to the corporation or undertaken with
reckless disregard for the best interests of the corporation, unless the
corporation’s regulations or articles (or in the case of an officer, a
written agreement with the corporation) specifically waive such
limitation.
 
Under the OGCL, directors or officers are liable for the unlawful
payment of dividends or distribution of assets, improper dissolution of
the corporation or entering into an unapproved loan with any director,
officer or shareholder of the corporation, unless acting in good faith in
reliance upon the corporation’s financial statements or upon sound
accounting or business principles, or in accordance with a stated
employee ownership plan approved by the corporation.

Amendments to Articles/Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws
 

MB Financial’s charter generally may be amended upon approval by the
Board of Directors and the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of
MB Financial common stock. MB Financial’s charter provides by its   

Ohio law provides that except in certain circumstances, amendments to
a corporation’s articles of incorporation must be adopted by the
affirmative vote of the holders of shares entitling

 
113



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 124/219

Table of Contents

MB Financial   Fifth Third
terms that it may be amended by MB Financial’s Board of Directors, without
a stockholder vote, to change the number of shares of capital stock authorized
for issuance.
 
MB Financial’s bylaws may be amended either by the Board of Directors, by
a vote of a majority of the whole Board, or by MB Financial’s stockholders,
by the vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of voting
stock, voting together as a single class.

  

them to exercise two-thirds of the voting power of the corporation on
the proposal or, if the articles provide or permit, by the affirmative vote
of a greater or lesser proportion, but not less than a majority, of this
voting power, and by such affirmative vote of the holders of shares of
any particular class as is required by the articles.
 
Except for amendments by the Fifth Third Board of Directors
concerning the fixing of the terms of any series of Fifth Third preferred
stock, Fifth Third’s articles of incorporation contain no other provisions
concerning amendments.
 
Fifth Third’s regulations may only be amended (i) at a meeting of
shareholders, by the affirmative vote of the holders of shares entitling
them to exercise a majority of the voting power of Fifth Third on such
proposal, (ii) without a meeting, by the written consent of the holders
of shares entitling them to exercise two-thirds of the voting power of
Fifth Third on such proposal or (iii) by the Board of Directors, to the
extent permitted by the OGCL.

Appraisal Rights
 

Under the MGCL, stockholders of a corporation generally are entitled to
dissent from certain transactions, including a merger or consolidation, and
obtain payment of the fair value of their shares (so-called “appraisal rights”).
Appraisal rights do not apply if, however, the stock is listed on a national
securities exchange, unless (1) the stock is to be exchanged for anything other
than stock of the surviving corporation (excluding cash in lieu of fractional
share interests) and (2) the directors and executive officers of the corporation
as a group owned 5% or more of the outstanding voting stock of the
corporation within the one year period prior to the day the corporation’s
stockholders voted on the transaction and their shares will be exchanged for
stock of a party to the transaction on terms that are not available to all holders
of stock of the same class or series. MB Financial stockholders do not have
appraisal rights in connection with the merger.

  

Under Ohio law, stockholders have the right to dissent from certain
corporate actions and receive the fair cash value for their shares if they
follow certain procedures. Stockholders entitled to relief as dissenting
stockholders under Ohio law include stockholders:
 

•  dissenting from certain amendments to the corporation’s
articles of incorporation;

 

•  of a corporation where all or substantially all of the assets of
the corporation are being leased, sold, exchanged, transferred
or otherwise disposed of outside of the ordinary course of its
business;

 

•  of a corporation that is being merged or consolidated into a
surviving or new entity;

 

•  of a surviving corporation in a merger who are entitled to
vote on the adoption of an agreement of merger (but only as
to the shares so entitling them to vote);

 

•  other than the parent corporation, of an Ohio subsidiary
corporation that is being merged into its parent corporation;

 
114



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 125/219

Table of Contents

MB Financial   Fifth Third

  

 

•  of an acquiring corporation in a combination or a majority
share acquisition who are entitled to vote on such transaction
(but only as to the shares so entitling them to vote);

 

•  of an Ohio subsidiary corporation into which one or more
domestic or foreign corporations are being merged; and

 

•  of a domestic corporation that is being converted.
 
Fifth Third’s shareholders do not have any appraisal rights in
connection with the merger.

Stockholder Inspection Rights
 

Under the MGCL, only a holder or group of holders of 5% or more of the
corporation’s stock for at least six months has the right to inspect the
corporation’s stock ledger, list of stockholders and books of account (in the
case of books of account, for any purpose related to monitoring or protecting
the holder’s or holders’ equity investment in the corporation). Any
stockholder is entitled to inspect the corporation’s bylaws, minutes of
stockholder meetings, annual statement of affairs and any voting trust
agreements.   

Under the OGCL, any shareholder has the right to inspect the articles
of the corporation, its regulations, its books and records of account,
minutes, records of shareholders and voting trust agreements, if any, for
any proper purpose upon delivering a written demand stating the
purpose of such inspection. The directors may adopt guidelines and
procedures in order to verify that the person making such demand is a
shareholder.

Non-Stockholder Constituency Provision
 

MB Financial’s charter provides that when evaluating any offer of another
person to (1) make a tender or exchange offer for any equity security of MB
Financial, (2) merge or consolidate MB Financial with another corporation or
entity or (3) acquire all or substantially all of the properties and assets of MB
Financial, or when evaluating any other transaction which would or may
involve a change in control of MB Financial, MB Financial’s board of
directors may, in exercising its business judgment as to what is in the best
interests of MB Financial and its stockholders and in making any
recommendation to MB Financial’s stockholders, give due consideration to
all relevant factors, including, but not limited to:
 

•   the immediate and long-term economic effect upon MB Financial’s
stockholders, including stockholders, if any, who do not participate in
the transaction;

 

•   the social and economic effect on the employees, creditors and
customers of, and others dealing with,   

Under the OGCL, a director, in determining what he reasonably
believes to be in the best interests of the corporation, shall consider the
interests of the corporation’s shareholders and, in his discretion, may
consider any of the following:
 

•   the interests of the corporation’s employees, suppliers, creditors
and customers;

 

•   the economy of the state and nation;
 

•   community and societal considerations; and
 

•   the long-term as well as short-term interests of the corporation and
its shareholders, including the possibility that these interests may
be best served by the continued independence of the corporation.

 
115



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 126/219

Table of Contents

MB Financial   Fifth Third
MB Financial and its subsidiaries and on the communities in which MB
Financial and its subsidiaries operate or are located;
 

•   whether the proposal is acceptable based on the historical, current or
projected future operating results or financial condition of MB Financial;

 

•   whether a more favorable price could be obtained for MB Financial’s
stock or other securities in the future;

 

•   the reputation and business practices of the other entity to be involved in
the transaction and its management and affiliates as they would affect
the employees of MB Financial and its subsidiaries;

 

•   the future value of the stock or any other securities of MB Financial or
the other entity to be involved in the proposed transaction;

 

•   any antitrust or other legal and regulatory issues that are raised by the
proposal;

 

•   the business and historical, current or projected future financial condition
or operating results of the other entity to be involved in the proposed
transaction, including, but not limited to, debt service and other existing
financial obligations, financial obligations to be incurred in connection
with the proposed transaction, and other likely financial obligations of
the other entity to be involved in the proposed transaction; and

 

•   the ability of MB Financial to fulfill its objectives as a financial
institution holding company and on the ability of its subsidiary financial
institution(s) to fulfill the objectives of a federally insured financial
institution.

 
If MB Financial’s board of directors determines that any proposed transaction
of the type described above should be rejected, it may take any lawful action
to defeat the transaction, including, but not limited to, any or all of the
following:
 

•   advising stockholders not to accept the proposal;
 

•   instituting litigation against the party making the proposal;
 

•   filing complaints with governmental and regulatory authorities;
 

•   acquiring the stock or any other securities of MB Financial;   
 

116



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 127/219

Table of Contents

MB Financial   Fifth Third
 

•   increasing the authorized capital stock of MB Financial;
 

•   selling or otherwise issuing authorized but unissued stock, other
securities or granting options or rights with respect to authorized but
unissued stock;

 

•   acquiring a company to create an antitrust or other regulatory problem
for the party making the proposal; and

 

•   obtaining a more favorable offer from another individual or entity.   
 

117



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 128/219

Table of Contents

DESCRIPTION OF FIFTH THIRD CAPITAL STOCK

MB Financial common stockholders who receive Fifth Third common shares in the merger will become Fifth Third common shareholders and MB
Financial preferred stockholders who receive new Fifth Third preferred stock in the direct merger, if applicable, will become Fifth Third preferred
shareholders. Their rights as Fifth Third shareholders will be governed by Ohio law and Fifth Third’s articles and regulations. The following description
of the material terms of Fifth Third’s capital stock, including the common shares and new Fifth Third preferred stock to be issued in the direct merger, if
applicable, reflects the anticipated state of affairs upon completion of the merger. We urge you to read the applicable provisions of Ohio law, Fifth
Third’s articles and regulations and federal law governing bank holding companies carefully and in their entirety because they describe your rights as a
holder of Fifth Third’s common shares and preferred stock.

General

Fifth Third is authorized to issue a total of 2,000,500,000 shares of all classes of stock. Of the total number of authorized shares of stock,
2,000,000,000 shares are shares of common stock, no par value, and 500,000 shares are shares of preferred stock, no par value. By the authority granted
under the General Corporation Law of the State of Ohio, Fifth Third’s board of directors has the power to fix the number of shares in each series, and to
determine the designations and preferences, limitations and relative rights of each series, including dividend rates, terms of redemption, liquidation
preferences, sinking fund requirements, and conversion rights, all without any vote or other action on the part of shareholders. This power is limited by
applicable laws or regulations and may be delegated to a committee of our board of directors. Reference to this power by our board of directors includes
any authorized committee thereof.

Shares of Common Stock

Fifth Third may issue shares of common stock in such amounts and proportion and for such consideration as may be fixed by its Board of
Directors or a properly designated committee thereof. As of the date of this proxy statement/prospectus, Fifth Third is authorized to issue up to
2,000,000,000 shares of common stock. As of August 1, 2018, Fifth Third had issued 666,343,936 shares of its common stock (excluding 257,548,645
shares of common stock held in treasury). Fifth Third common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol “FITB.” The
transfer agent and registrar for Fifth Third common stock is American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC.

General

Holders of shares of Fifth Third common stock are not entitled to preemptive or preferential rights. Shares of Fifth Third common stock have no
redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable thereto. Shares of Fifth Third common stock do not have any conversion rights. The rights of holders
of shares of Fifth Third common stock will be subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of holders of Fifth Third’s currently outstanding
Series H Preferred Stock, Series I Preferred Stock, and the Series J Preferred Stock and any shares of preferred stock that Fifth Third may issue in the
future, including the new Fifth Third preferred stock.

Fifth Third may issue authorized but unissued shares of common stock in connection with several employee benefit and stock option and incentive
plans maintained by it or its subsidiaries.

Fifth Third’s outstanding shares of common stock are fully paid and non-assessable and shares of Fifth Third common stock that we issue in the
future, when fully paid for, will be non-assessable.

Dividends

When, as and if dividends are declared by Fifth Third’s Board of Directors out of funds legally available for their payment, the holders of shares
of Fifth Third common stock are entitled to share equally, share for share, in such dividends. The payment of dividends on shares of Fifth Third common
stock is subject to the prior payment of dividends on shares of Fifth Third preferred stock.
 

118



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 129/219

Table of Contents

Liquidation

In the event of Fifth Third’s voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution, and winding up, the holders of shares of Fifth Third common stock
are entitled to receive, on a share for share basis, any of Fifth Third’s assets or funds available for distribution after Fifth Third has paid in full all of its
debts and distributions and the full liquidation preferences of all series of shares of its outstanding preferred stock.

Voting Rights

Subject to the rights, if any, of the holders of shares of any series of preferred stock, holders of shares of Fifth Third common stock have exclusive
voting rights and are entitled to one vote for each share of common stock on all matters voted upon by Fifth Third shareholders. Upon demand, holders
of shares of Fifth Third common stock have the right to cumulate their voting power in the election of directors under certain conditions.

Change of Control

Articles of Incorporation and Code of Regulations. Fifth Third’s articles of incorporation and regulations contain various provisions which
could discourage or delay attempts to gain control of Fifth Third, including, among others, provisions that:
 

 •  authorize the Fifth Third Board of Directors to fix its size between 10 and 30 directors;
 

 
•  provide that directors may be removed only for cause and only by a vote of the holders of a majority of the shares entitled to vote thereon;

and
 

 
•  authorize directors to fill vacancies on the board that occur between annual stockholder meetings, except for vacancies caused by a

director’s removal by a stockholder vote.

In addition, the ability of the Fifth Third Board of Directors to issue authorized but unissued common shares or preferred stock could have an anti-
takeover effect.

In order to amend Fifth Third’s articles of incorporation, the affirmative vote of the holders of shares of Fifth Third common stock entitling them
to exercise two-thirds of the voting power of such shares is required. In order to amend Fifth Third’s regulations, the affirmative vote of the holders of
shares of Fifth Third common stock entitling them to exercise a majority of the voting power of such shares is required at a meeting of shareholders, or
by written consent of the holders of shares of Fifth Third common stock entitling them to exercise two-thirds of the voting power of such shares without
a meeting. Fifth Third’s regulations may also be altered and amended, from time to time, by the Fifth Third Board of Directors to the extent permitted by
the Ohio General Corporation Law.

Federal Bank Regulatory Limitations. The ability of a third party to acquire Fifth Third’s stock is also limited under applicable U.S. banking
laws, including regulatory approval requirements. Under the Change in Bank Control Act of 1978, as amended, and the Federal Reserve Board’s
regulations thereunder, any person, either individually or acting through or in concert with one or more persons, is prohibited from acquiring “control”
of a bank holding company unless:
 

 •  the Federal Reserve Board has been given 60 days’ prior written notice of the proposed acquisition; and
 

 
•  within that time period, the Federal Reserve Board does not issue a notice disapproving the proposed acquisition or extending for up to

another 30 days the period during which such a disapproval may be issued,

or unless the acquisition otherwise required Federal Reserve Board approval. An acquisition may be made before expiration of the disapproval period if
the Federal Reserve Board issues written notice that it intends not to
 

119



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 130/219

Table of Contents

disapprove the action. The acquisition of more than 10% of a class of voting stock of a bank holding company with publicly held securities, such as
Fifth Third, generally would constitute the acquisition of control of the bank holding company under the Change in Bank Control Act.

Under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (which we refer to as the “BHC Act”), any bank holding company would be required to
obtain the approval of the Federal Reserve Board before acquiring, directly or indirectly, more than 5% of the outstanding common shares of Fifth
Third. In addition, any “company,” as defined in the BHC Act, other than a bank holding company would be required to obtain Federal Reserve Board
approval before acquiring “control” of Fifth Third. “Control” for purposes of the BHC Act generally means:
 

 •  the ownership or control of 25% or more of a class of voting securities;
 

 •  the ability to elect a majority of the directors; or
 

 •  the ability otherwise to exercise a controlling influence over management and policies.

A person, other than an individual, that controls Fifth Third for purposes of the BHC Act is subject to regulation and supervision as a bank holding
company under the BHC Act.

Ohio Law. Ohio law contains provisions that also could make more difficult a change of control of Fifth Third or discourage a tender offer or
other plan to restructure Fifth Third. The following discussion of some of these provisions is qualified in its entirety by reference to those particular
statutory and regulatory provisions.

Control Share Acquisition Act. The Ohio Control Acquisition Act provides that any “control share acquisition” of an Ohio issuing public
corporation may be made only with the prior authorization of the shareholders of the corporation in accordance with the provisions of the Control Share
Acquisition Act, unless the corporation’s articles of incorporation or regulations provide that the Control Share Acquisition Act does not apply to control
share acquisition of its shares. Fifth Third’s articles of incorporation and regulations do not so provide, and accordingly Fifth Third is subject to the
Control Share Acquisition Act. Subject to certain exceptions, a “control share acquisition” means the acquisition, directly or indirectly, by any person of
shares of the corporation that, when added to all other shares in respect to which the person exercises voting power, would entitle that person, directly or
indirectly to exercise voting power in the election of directors within the following ranges:
 

 •  20% or more, but less than one-third;
 

 •  one-third or more, but less than a majority; or
 

 •  a majority or more.

The Control Share Acquisition Act also requires that the acquiring person deliver an acquiring person statement to the corporation. The
corporation must call a special meeting of its stockholders to vote upon the proposed acquisition within 50 days after receipt of the acquiring person
statement, unless the acquiring person agrees to a later date.

The Control Share Acquisition Act further specifies that the stockholders must approve the proposed control share acquisition by certain
percentages at a special meeting of stockholders at which a quorum is present. In order to comply with the Control Share Acquisition Act, the acquiring
person may only acquire shares upon the affirmative vote of:
 

 
•  a majority of the voting power of the common shares entitled to vote in the election of directors that is represented in person or by proxy at

the separate special meeting; and
 

 
•  a majority of the voting power of the common shares that is represented in person or by proxy at the special meeting excluding those shares

of the common shares deemed to be “interested shares” for purposes of the Control Share Acquisition Act.
 

120



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 131/219

Table of Contents

“Interested shares” are shares the voting power of which in the election of directors is controlled by:
 

 •  an acquiring person;
 

 •  any officer of the corporation;
 

 •  any employee who is also a director of the corporation; or
 

 
•  any person who transfers such shares for value after the record date for the special meeting, if accompanied by the voting power in the form

of a blank proxy, an agreement to vote as instructed by the transferee, or otherwise.

“Interested shares” also includes common shares that are acquired by any person during the period beginning on the date of the first public
disclosure of a proposed control share acquisition or any proposed merger, consolidation or other transaction that would result in a change of control of
the corporation or all or substantially all of its assets and ending on the record date for the special meeting if either:
 

 
•  the aggregate consideration paid by the person (and any other person acting in concert with the person) for shares of the corporation’s

common shares exceeds $250,000; or
 

 
•  the number of shares acquired by the person (and any other person acting in concert with the person) exceeds one-half of one percent of the

outstanding shares of the corporation’s common shares entitled to vote in the election of directors.

In order to comply with the Control Share Acquisition Act, the proposed control share acquisition must be completed no later than 360 days
following stockholder authorization.

Merger Moratorium Statute. Ohio corporation law prohibits an issuing public corporation, such as Fifth Third, from engaging in certain
transactions with an interested stockholder for a period of three years following the date on which the person became an interested stockholder unless,
prior to such date, the directors of the corporation approve either the transaction or the acquisition of shares pursuant to which such person became an
interested stockholder. An interested stockholder is any person who is the beneficial owner of a sufficient number of shares to allow such person,
directly or indirectly, alone or with others, including affiliates and associates, to exercise or direct the exercise of 10% of the voting power of the
corporation in the election of directors.

The transactions covered include:
 

 
•  any merger, consolidation, combination, or majority share acquisition between or involving the corporation or a subsidiary and an interested

stockholder or an affiliate or associate of an interested stockholder;
 

 

•  certain transfers of property, dividends, and issuance or transfers of shares, from or by the corporation or a subsidiary to, with, or for the
benefit of an interested stockholder or an affiliate or associate of an interested stockholder unless the transaction is in the ordinary course of
the corporation’s business and on terms no more favorable to the interested stockholder than those acceptable to third parties as
demonstrated by contemporaneous transactions; and

 

 •  certain transactions which:
 

 •  increase the proportionate share ownership of an interested stockholder;
 

 
•  result in the adoption of a plan, proposed by or on behalf of the interested stockholder, providing for the dissolution, winding up of

the affairs, or liquidation of the corporation; or
 

 •  pledge or extend the credit or financial resources of the corporation to or for the benefit of the interested stockholder.
 

121



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 132/219

Table of Contents

After the initial three-year moratorium has expired, the corporation may engage in a covered transaction if:
 

 
•  the acquisition of shares pursuant to which the relevant person became an interested stockholder received the prior approval of the Board of

Directors;
 

 
•  the transaction is approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of shares representing at least two-thirds of the voting power of the

corporation in the election of directors and by the holders of shares representing at least a majority of voting shares that are not beneficially
owned by an interested stockholder or an affiliate or associate of an interested stockholder; or

 

 •  the transaction meets certain statutory tests designed to ensure that it is economically fair to all stockholders.

Tender Offer Procedures. Ohio corporation law also provides that an offeror may not make a tender offer that would result in the offeror
beneficially owning more than 10% of any class of the corporation’s equity securities without first filing certain information with the Ohio Division of
Securities and providing such information to the corporation and stockholders within Ohio. The Ohio Division of Securities may suspend the
continuation of the tender offer if it determines that the offeror’s filed information does not provide full disclosure to the offerees of all material
information concerning the tender offer. The statute also provides that an offeror may not acquire any equity security of the corporation within two years
of the offeror’s previous acquisition of any equity security of the corporation pursuant to a tender offer unless the Ohio stockholders may sell such
security to the offeror on substantially the same terms as the previous tender offer. The statute does not apply to a transaction if either the offeror or the
target corporation is a savings and loan or bank holding company and the proposed transaction requires federal regulatory approval. Consequently, this
Ohio statute will only apply if the proposed transaction does not trigger prior approval requirements discussed above under “Federal Bank Regulatory
Limitations.”

Dissenter’s Rights. Under Ohio law, stockholders have the right to dissent from certain corporate actions and receive the fair cash value for their
shares if they follow certain procedures. Stockholders entitled to relief as dissenting stockholders under Ohio law include stockholders:
 

 •  dissenting from certain amendments to the corporation’s articles of incorporation;
 

 
•  of a corporation where all or substantially all of the assets of the corporation are being leased, sold, exchanged, transferred or otherwise

disposed of outside of the ordinary course of its business;
 

 •  of a corporation that is being merged or consolidated into a surviving or new entity;
 

 
•  of a surviving corporation in a merger who are entitled to vote on the adoption of an agreement of merger (but only as to the shares so

entitling them to vote);
 

 •  other than the parent corporation, of an Ohio subsidiary corporation that is being merged into its parent corporation;
 

 
•  of an acquiring corporation in a combination or a majority share acquisition who are entitled to vote on such transaction (but only as to the

shares so entitling them to vote);
 

 •  of an Ohio subsidiary corporation into which one or more domestic or foreign corporations are being merged; and
 

 •  of a domestic corporation that is being converted.

The existence of the above provisions could potentially result in Fifth Third being less attractive to a potential acquiror, or result in our
stockholders receiving less for their common stock than otherwise might be available if there is a takeover attempt.

Ohio law has eliminated dissenter’s rights in connection with the above corporate actions if the shares of the corporation for which a stockholder
would make a demand are listed on a national securities exchange and no
 

122



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 133/219

Table of Contents

proceedings are underway to delist the shares. Therefore, none of our stockholders who own shares of our stock listed on a national securities exchange
could exercise dissenter’s rights with respect to such shares unless, and until, such shares would be delisted.

Shares of Preferred Stock

Shares of preferred stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Fifth Third’s Board of Directors is authorized, within the
limitations and restrictions stated in the fourth article of Fifth Third’s articles of incorporation, to fix by resolution: the division of such shares of
preferred stock into series and the designation and authorized number of shares of each series; the dividend rate; whether dividend rights shall be
cumulative or non-cumulative; the dates of payment of dividends and the dates from which they are cumulative; liquidation price; redemption rights and
price; sinking fund requirements; conversion rights; restrictions on the issuance of such shares or any series thereof; and such other subjects or matters
as may be fixed by resolution or exchange, and such other subjects or matters as may be fixed by resolution of Fifth Third’s Board of Directors under the
General Corporation Law of the State of Ohio.

As of August 1, 2018, 54,000 shares of preferred stock were outstanding as described below, and 446,000 shares of undesignated no par value
preferred stock were authorized and unissued.

Series H Preferred Stock

In May 2013, Fifth Third issued 600,000 depositary shares, each representing a 1/25th ownership interest in a share of Series H Preferred Stock.
The Series H Preferred Stock: (i) is nonvoting, other than class voting rights on matters that could adversely affect the shares; (ii) pays a non-cumulative
fixed-to-floating rate dividend; and (iii) is not redeemable, except, subject to receiving all required regulatory approvals, at Fifth Third’s option (1) in
whole or in part, at any time, or from time to time, on or after June 30, 2023, and (2) in whole, but not in part, at any time prior to June 30, 2023,
following the occurrence of a “regulatory capital event,” as defined with respect to the Series H Preferred Stock in Fifth Third’s articles of incorporation.

Through, but excluding June 30, 2023, dividends on the Series H Preferred Stock will accrue, on a non-cumulative basis, at an annual rate of
5.10%. Commencing on June 30, 2023 and continuing for so long as any shares of Series H Preferred Stock remain outstanding, dividends on the Series
H Preferred Stock will accrue, on a non-cumulative basis, at an annual rate equal to three-month LIBOR, reset quarterly, plus 3.033%. The Series H
Preferred Stock ranks senior to shares of Fifth Third common stock in the event of liquidation or dissolution of Fifth Third.

As of August 1, 2018, 600,000 depositary shares, representing 24,000 shares of the Series H Preferred Stock, were issued and outstanding.

Series I Preferred Stock

In December 2013, Fifth Third issued 18,000,000 depositary shares, each representing a 1/1000th ownership interest in a share of Series I
Preferred Stock. The Series I Preferred Stock: (i) is nonvoting, other than class voting rights on matters that could adversely affect the shares; (ii) pays a
non-cumulative fixed-to-floating rate dividend; and (iii) is not redeemable, except, subject to receiving all required regulatory approvals, at Fifth Third’s
option (1) in whole or in part, at any time, or from time to time, on or after December 31, 2023, and (2) in whole, but not in part, at any time prior to
December 31, 2023, following the occurrence of a “regulatory capital event,” as defined with respect to the Series I Preferred Stock in Fifth Third’s
articles of incorporation.

Through, but excluding December 31, 2023, dividends on the Series I Preferred Stock will accrue, on a non-cumulative basis, at an annual rate of
6.625%. Commencing on December 31, 2023 and continuing for so long as any shares of Series I Preferred Stock remain outstanding, dividends on the
Series I Preferred Stock will
 

123



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 134/219

Table of Contents

accrue, on a non-cumulative basis, at an annual rate equal to three-month LIBOR, reset quarterly, plus 3.71%. The Series I Preferred Stock ranks senior
to shares of Fifth Third common stock in the event of liquidation or dissolution of Fifth Third.

As of August 1, 2018, 18,000,000 depositary shares, each representing 1/1000th of a share of the Series I Preferred Stock, were issued and
outstanding. The depositary shares representing the Series I Preferred Stock are traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol
“FITBI.”

Series J Preferred Stock

In June 2014, Fifth Third issued 600,000 depositary shares, each representing a 1/25th ownership interest in a share of Series J Preferred Stock.
The Series J Preferred Stock: (i) is nonvoting, other than class voting rights on matters that could adversely affect the shares; (ii) pays a non-cumulative
fixed-to-floating rate dividend; and (iii) is not redeemable, except, subject to receiving all required regulatory approvals, at Fifth Third’s option (1) in
whole or in part, at any time, or from time to time, on or after September 30, 2019, and (2) in whole, but not in part, at any time prior to September 30,
2019, following the occurrence of a “regulatory capital event,” as defined with respect to the Series J Preferred Stock in Fifth Third’s articles of
incorporation.

Through, but excluding September 30, 2019, dividends on the Series J Preferred Stock will accrue, on a non-cumulative basis, at an annual rate of
4.90%. Commencing on September 30, 2019 and continuing for so long as any shares of Series J Preferred Stock remain outstanding, dividends on the
Series J Preferred Stock will accrue, on a non-cumulative basis, at an annual rate equal to three-month LIBOR, reset quarterly, plus 3.129%. The Series J
Preferred Stock ranks senior to shares of Fifth Third common stock in the event of liquidation or dissolution of Fifth Third.

As of August 1, 2018, 300,000 depositary shares, representing 12,000 shares of the Series J Preferred Stock, were issued and outstanding.

6.00% Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series K.

Pursuant to the merger agreement and in connection with the direct merger, if effected, Fifth Third will file with the Secretary of State of the State
of Ohio the amended articles designating the new Fifth Third preferred stock. The new Fifth Third preferred stock will not be convertible into, or
exchangeable for, shares of any other class or series of Fifth Third’s shares or other securities and will not be subject to any sinking fund or other
obligation to redeem or repurchase. The new Fifth Third preferred stock represents non-withdrawable capital, will not be an account of an insurable
type, and will not be insured or guaranteed by the FDIC or any other governmental agency or instrumentality.

The new Fifth Third preferred stock will rank, as to the payment of dividends and/or distribution of assets upon Fifth Third’s liquidation,
dissolution or wind-up, senior to Fifth Third’s common shares and either junior, senior or equal to any other class or series of shares issued by Fifth
Third that are designated as junior, senior or equal to the new Fifth Third preferred stock. The new Fifth Third preferred stock will rank on parity, as to
dividends and, upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of Fifth Third, in the distribution of assets, with the outstanding Series H Preferred Stock,
Series I Preferred Stock and Series J Preferred Stock.

Holders of the new Fifth Third preferred stock will be entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by Fifth Third’s Board of Directors out of funds
legally available therefor, non-cumulative cash dividends on the liquidation preference amount of $1,000 per share at a rate of 6.00% per annum.
Dividends on the new Fifth Third preferred stock will be payable quarterly in arrears on each of March 31st, June 30th, September 30th and December
31st, with respect to the quarterly dividend period (or portion thereof) ending on the day preceding such respective dividend payment date.
 

124



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 135/219

Table of Contents

The new Fifth Third preferred stock will not be subject to any mandatory redemption, sinking fund, or other similar provisions. The holders of the
new Fifth Third preferred stock will not have the right to require the redemption or repurchase of the new Fifth Third preferred stock.

The new Fifth Third preferred stock will be redeemable by Fifth Third at its option (i) on any dividend payment date after November 25, 2022, in
whole or in part, from time to time, or (ii) following the occurrence of a “regulatory capital treatment event,” as defined with respect to the new Fifth
Third preferred stock in Fifth Third’s articles of incorporation, in whole but not in part, at any time, in each case at a redemption price equal to $1,000
per share, plus any declared and unpaid dividends on the shares of the new Fifth Third preferred stock called for redemption. Dividends will cease to
accrue on those shares on and after the redemption date. Redemption of the new Fifth Third preferred stock is subject to Fifth Third’s receipt of any
required prior approvals from the Federal Reserve and to the satisfaction of any conditions set forth in the capital guidelines of the Federal Reserve
applicable to the redemption of the new Fifth Third preferred stock.

In the event Fifth Third liquidates, dissolves or winds up its business and affairs, either voluntarily or involuntarily, holders of the new Fifth Third
preferred stock will be entitled to receive liquidating distributions of $1,000 per share, plus any declared and unpaid dividends, before Fifth Third makes
any distribution of assets to the holders of its common shares or any other class or series of shares ranking junior to the new Fifth Third preferred stock
with respect to the distribution of assets. If the assets of Fifth Third are not sufficient to pay in full all amounts payable, including declared but unpaid
dividends, with respect to the new Fifth Third preferred stock and any stock having the same rank as the new Fifth Third preferred stock with respect to
the distribution of assets, the holders of the new Fifth Third preferred stock and that other stock will share in any distribution of assets in proportion to
the respective aggregate liquidation preferences to which they are entitled. After the holders of the new Fifth Third preferred stock and any stock having
the same rank as the new Fifth Third preferred stock are paid in full, they will have no right or claim to any of Fifth Third’s remaining assets.

Holders of the new Fifth Third preferred stock will have no voting rights except as required by Ohio law.

Depositary shares, each representing a 1/40th interest in one share of new Fifth Third preferred stock and represented by depositary receipts will
be deposited with Computershare Inc. and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as depositary. Subject to the terms of the deposit agreement, each
holder of a depositary share will be entitled, through the depositary, in proportion to the applicable fraction of a share of new Fifth Third preferred stock
represented by such depositary share, to all the rights and preferences of the new Fifth Third preferred stock represented thereby (including dividend,
voting, redemption, and liquidation rights, as applicable). Fifth Third will use its reasonable best efforts to cause the new Fifth Third preferred stock, if
issuable, (or depositary shares representing interests in the new Fifth Third preferred stock) to be approved for listing on the NASDAQ.
 

125



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 136/219

Table of Contents

APPRAISAL RIGHTS

Under the Maryland General Corporation Law, the holders of MB Financial common stock and preferred stock will not have any appraisal rights with
respect to the merger.
 

126



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 137/219

Table of Contents

EXPERTS

The consolidated financial statements of Fifth Third included in Fifth Third’s Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31, 2017, and
the effectiveness of Fifth Third’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017 have been audited by Deloitte & Touche LLP,
independent registered public accounting firm, as set forth in their reports thereon, included therein, and incorporated by reference in this proxy
statement/prospectus. Such consolidated financial statements are incorporated herein by reference in reliance upon such reports given on the authority of
such firm as experts in accounting and auditing.

The consolidated financial statements of MB Financial, Inc. as of December 31, 2017 and 2016 and for each of the years in the three-year period ended
December 31, 2017 and management’s assessment of effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017 have been
incorporated by reference herein in reliance upon the report of RSM US LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, incorporated by reference
herein, and upon the authority of said firm as experts in auditing and accounting.
 

127



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 138/219

Table of Contents

LEGAL OPINIONS

Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP and Silver, Freedman, Taff & Tiernan LLP will deliver, prior to the effective time of the merger, their opinions to Fifth
Third and MB Financial, respectively, as to certain United States federal income tax consequences of the merger. See “Material United States Federal
Income Tax Consequences of the Merger” beginning on page 99.

The legality of Fifth Third common shares and the new Fifth Third preferred stock, if issuable, offered by this proxy statement/prospectus will be passed
upon for Fifth Third by Dinsmore & Shohl LLP.
 

128



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 139/219

Table of Contents

HOUSEHOLDING OF PROXY MATERIALS

The SEC has adopted rules that permit companies and intermediaries such as brokers to satisfy delivery requirements for proxy statements and annual
reports with respect to two or more stockholders sharing the same address by delivering a single proxy statement or annual report, as applicable,
addressed to those stockholders. As permitted by the Exchange Act, only one copy of this proxy statement/prospectus is being delivered to stockholders
residing at the same address, unless such stockholders have notified the company whose shares they hold of their desire to receive multiple copies of the
proxy statement/prospectus. This process, which is commonly referred to as “householding,” potentially provides extra convenience for stockholders
and cost savings for companies.

If you are a MB Financial stockholder, MB Financial will promptly deliver a separate copy of this proxy statement/prospectus to you if you direct your
request to MB Financial Investor Relations at (847) 653-1992. If you want to receive separate copies of a MB Financial proxy statement in the future, or
if you are receiving multiple copies and would like to receive only one copy for your household, you should contact your bank, brokerage firm or other
nominee, or you may contact MB Financial at the above address and telephone number.
 

129



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 140/219

Table of Contents

OTHER MATTERS

As of the date of this proxy statement/prospectus, MB Financial’s Board of Directors does not know of any matters that will be presented for
consideration at the special meeting other than as described in this proxy statement/prospectus. If any other matters properly come before the special
meeting, or any adjournment or postponement thereof, and are voted upon, the enclosed proxy will be deemed to confer discretionary authority on the
individuals that it names as proxies to vote the shares represented by the proxy as to any of these matters.
 

130



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 141/219

Table of Contents

MB FINANCIAL ANNUAL MEETING STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS

MB Financial will hold an annual meeting of stockholders in 2019 only if the merger has not already been completed. If the 2019 annual meeting of MB
Financial stockholders is held, then in order to be eligible for inclusion in MB Financial’s proxy materials for that meeting, any stockholder proposal
must be received by MB Financial’s Corporate Secretary at MB Financial Center, 6111 North River Road, Rosemont, Illinois 60018 by December 3,
2018. Any such proposal will be subject to the requirements of the proxy rules adopted under the Exchange Act and, as with any stockholder proposal
(regardless of whether included in MB Financial’s proxy materials), MB Financial’s charter and bylaws and Maryland law.

MB Financial’s bylaws contain additional notification requirements for stockholder proposals, regardless of whether they are submitted for inclusion in
MB Financial’s proxy materials. In order to be considered for presentation at MB Financial’s annual meeting of stockholders in 2019, if held, written
notice of a stockholder proposal containing the information specified in Article I, Section 6 of MB Financial’s bylaws must be received by MB
Financial’s Corporate Secretary not earlier than the close of business on January 16, 2019 and not later than the close of business on February 15, 2019.
If, however, the date of the 2019 annual meeting of MB Financial stockholders, if held, is before April 26, 2019 or after July 15, 2019, the notice of the
stockholder proposal must instead be received by MB Financial’s Corporate Secretary not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to the
date of the meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the 90th day before the date of the meeting or the tenth day following the first
to occur of the day on which notice of the date of the meeting is mailed or the day on which public announcement of the date of the meeting is first
made by MB Financial.
 

131



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 142/219

Table of Contents

FIFTH THIRD ANNUAL MEETING SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS

The deadline for shareholders to submit proposals under the provisions of Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act for inclusion in the proxy statement for Fifth
Third’s 2019 annual meeting is November 6, 2018.

Fifth Third’s regulations set an advance notice procedure for director nominations and for proposals a shareholder wishes to present directly at an annual
meeting (rather than submitting for inclusion in Fifth Third’s proxy statement under Rule 14a-8). Shareholder proposals submitted outside of Rule 14a-8
for Fifth Third’s 2019 annual meeting must be received by the Secretary of Fifth Third no less than 60 and no more than 90 days before the meeting.
Article II, Section 11 of Fifth Third’s regulations specifies the information and statements that must be included in any shareholder proposal. The Fifth
Third proxy relating to Fifth Third’s 2019 annual meeting will give the proxy holders the discretion to vote or not vote on proposals submitted outside
the Rule 14a-8 process that do not comply with the requirements in Fifth Third’s regulations.

Shareholders who wish to nominate a person for election as a director of Fifth Third at an annual meeting must strictly comply with the requirements of
Article II, Section 11 of Fifth Third’s regulations, including providing notice to the Secretary of Fifth Third not less than 60 nor more than 90 days prior
to the meeting. Article II, Section 11 of Fifth Third’s regulations specifies the information and statements that must be included in any shareholder
recommendation.
 

132



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 143/219

Table of Contents

INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN DOCUMENTS BY REFERENCE

The SEC allows Fifth Third and MB Financial to incorporate certain information into this proxy statement/prospectus by reference to other information
that has been filed with the SEC. The information incorporated by reference is deemed to be part of this proxy statement/prospectus, except for any
information that is superseded by information in this proxy statement/prospectus. The documents that are incorporated by reference contain important
information about the companies and you should read this proxy statement/prospectus together with any other documents incorporated by reference in
this proxy statement/prospectus.

This proxy statement/prospectus incorporates by reference the following documents that have previously been filed with the SEC by Fifth Third (File
No. 001-33653), other than information furnished pursuant to Item 2.02 or Item 7.01 on a Current Report on Form 8-K or otherwise not deemed to be
filed:
 

 •  Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017;
 

 •  Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A for the 2018 annual meeting of stockholders filed on March 6, 2018;
 

 •  Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2018; and
 

 
•  Current Reports on Form 8-K filed on February 2, 2018, February 9, 2018, February 27, 2018, March 14, 2018, March 16, 2018, March 27,

2018, April 19, 2018 (as amended June 22, 2018), May 21, 2018, May 22, 2018, May 24, 2018, June 5, 2018, June 8, 2018, June 15, 2018,
June 27, 2018, June 29, 2018, July 19, 2018 and July 23, 2018 (other than the portions of those documents not deemed to be filed).

Effective January 1, 2018, Fifth Third adopted ASU 2016-01 – Financial Instruments—Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of
Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities. The adoption, which was applied retrospectively, did not have a material impact on the Consolidated
Financial Statements. However, equity securities affected by the guidance, which were previously classified as trading or available-for-sale, have been
reclassified in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as equity securities. Fifth Third provided disclosure of this change within Note 3 to the Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements and other qualitative information reported within the quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31,
2018.

This proxy statement/prospectus also incorporates by reference the following documents that have previously been filed with the SEC by MB Financial
(File No. 001-36599), other than information furnished pursuant to Item 2.02 or Item 7.01 on a Current Report on Form 8-K or otherwise not deemed to
be filed:
 

 •  Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017;
 

 •  Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A for the 2018 annual meeting of stockholders filed on April 3, 2018;
 

 •  Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2018; and
 

 
•  Current Reports on Form 8-K filed on January 4, 2018, January 10, 2018, February 8, 2018, February 16, 2018, April 12, 2018, May 18,

2018, May 21, 2018, May 23, 2018 and July 10, 2018.

In addition, Fifth Third and MB Financial are incorporating by reference any documents they may file under Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the
Exchange Act after the date of this proxy statement/prospectus and prior to the date of the special meeting, provided, however, that Fifth Third and MB
Financial are not incorporating by reference any information furnished (but not filed), except as otherwise specified herein.

Both Fifth Third and MB Financial file annual, quarterly and special reports, proxy statements and other business and financial information with the
SEC. You may obtain the information incorporated by reference and any other materials MB Financial or Fifth Third file with the SEC without charge
by following the instructions in the section entitled “Where You Can Find More Information” in the forepart of this proxy statement/prospectus.
 

133



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 144/219

Table of Contents

 
Neither Fifth Third nor MB Financial has authorized anyone to give any information or make any representation about the merger or its
companies that is different from, or in addition to, that contained in this proxy statement/prospectus or in any of the materials that have been
incorporated into this proxy statement/prospectus. Therefore, if anyone does give you information of this sort, you should not rely on it. If you
are in a jurisdiction where offers to exchange or sell, or solicitations of offers to exchange or purchase, the securities offered by this proxy
statement/prospectus or the solicitation of proxies is unlawful, or if you are a person to whom it is unlawful to direct these types of activities,
then the offer presented in this proxy statement/prospectus does not extend to you. The information contained in this proxy
statement/prospectus speaks only as of the date of this proxy statement/prospectus unless the information specifically indicates that another
date applies.
  
 

134



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 145/219

Table of Contents

APPENDIX A

EXECUTION VERSION

 
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

by and among

MB FINANCIAL, INC.

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP

AND

FIFTH THIRD FINANCIAL CORPORATION
 

 

Dated as of May 20, 2018



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 146/219

Table of Contents

TABLE OF CONTENTS
 

ARTICLE I  

THE MERGER  

1.1  The Merger    A-1 
1.2  Closing    A-1 
1.3  Effective Time    A-1 
1.4  Effects of the Merger    A-2 
1.5  Conversion of Company Common Stock    A-2 
1.6  Company Preferred Stock    A-2 
1.7  Parent Common Stock    A-3 
1.8  Intermediary Common Stock    A-3 
1.9  Company Equity Awards    A-3 
1.10 Articles of Incorporation of Surviving Corporation    A-5 
1.11 Code of Regulations of Surviving Corporation    A-5 
1.12 Tax Consequences    A-5 
1.13 Bank Merger    A-5 
1.14 Alternative Structure    A-5 

ARTICLE II  

EXCHANGE OF SHARES  

2.1  Parent to Make Consideration Available    A-6 
2.2  Exchange Procedures    A-6 

ARTICLE III  

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF COMPANY

3.1  Corporate Organization    A-9 
3.2  Capitalization    A-10 
3.3  Authority; No Violation    A-11 
3.4  Consents and Approvals    A-12 
3.5  Reports    A-13 
3.6  Financial Statements    A-13 
3.7  Broker’s Fees    A-14 
3.8  Absence of Certain Changes or Events    A-15 
3.9  Legal Proceedings    A-15 
3.10 Taxes and Tax Returns    A-15 
3.11 Employees and Employee Benefit Plans    A-16 
3.12 Compliance with Applicable Law    A-17 
3.13 Certain Contracts    A-18 
3.14 Agreements with Regulatory Agencies    A-19 
3.15 Risk Management Instruments    A-20 
3.16 Environmental Matters    A-20 
3.17 Investment Securities and Commodities    A-20 
3.18 Real Property    A-21 
3.19 Intellectual Property    A-21 
3.20 Related Party Transactions    A-21 
 

A-i



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 147/219

Table of Contents

3.21 State Takeover Laws    A-22 
3.22 Reorganization    A-22 
3.23 Opinion    A-22 
3.24 Company Information    A-22 
3.25 Loan Portfolio    A-22 
3.26 Insurance    A-23 
3.27 No Other Representations or Warranties    A-23 

ARTICLE IV  

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND INTERMEDIARY

4.1  Corporate Organization    A-24 
4.2  Capitalization    A-25 
4.3  Authority; No Violation    A-25 
4.4  Consents and Approvals    A-26 
4.5  Reports    A-27 
4.6  Financial Statements    A-27 
4.7  Broker’s Fees    A-28 
4.8  Absence of Certain Changes or Events    A-28 
4.9  Legal Proceedings    A-28 
4.10 Taxes and Tax Returns    A-29 
4.11 Compliance with Applicable Law.    A-29 
4.12 Certain Contracts.    A-30 
4.13 Agreements with Regulatory Agencies    A-30 
4.14 Related Party Transactions    A-30 
4.15 Reorganization    A-30 
4.16 Parent Information    A-31 
4.17 No Other Representations or Warranties    A-31 

ARTICLE V  

COVENANTS RELATING TO CONDUCT OF BUSINESS

5.1  Conduct of Business of the Company Prior to the Effective Time    A-31 
5.2  Company Forbearances    A-32 
5.3  Parent Forbearances    A-34 

ARTICLE VI  

ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS

6.1  Regulatory Matters    A-34 
6.2  Access to Information    A-36 
6.3  Stockholders’ Approval    A-36 
6.4  Legal Conditions to Merger    A-37 
6.5  Stock Exchange Listing    A-38 
6.6  Employee Benefit Plans    A-38 
6.7  Indemnification; Directors’ and Officers’ Insurance    A-39 
6.8  Additional Agreements    A-40 
6.9  Advice of Changes    A-40 
6.10 Dividends    A-41 
 

A-ii



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 148/219

Table of Contents

6.11 Corporate Governance    A-41 
6.12 Acquisition Proposals    A-41 
6.13 Public Announcements    A-42 
6.14 Takeover Statutes    A-42 
6.15 Exemption from Liability under Section 16(b)    A-43 
6.16 Litigation and Claims    A-43 
6.17 Assumption of the Company Debt    A-43 
6.18 No Control of Other Party’s Business    A-43 
6.19 Amendment Filings    A-43 
6.20 Termination of Company Dividend Reinvestment Plan.    A-44 

ARTICLE VII  

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

7.1  Conditions to Each Party’s Obligation to Effect the Merger    A-44 
7.2  Conditions to Obligations of Parent and Intermediary    A-44 
7.3  Conditions to Obligations of the Company    A-45 

ARTICLE VIII  

TERMINATION AND AMENDMENT

8.1  Termination    A-46 
8.2  Effect of Termination    A-47 

ARTICLE IX  

GENERAL PROVISIONS

9.1  Nonsurvival of Representations, Warranties and Agreements    A-48 
9.2  Amendment    A-48 
9.3  Extension; Waiver    A-48 
9.4  Expenses    A-48 
9.5  Notices    A-49 
9.6  Interpretation    A-50 
9.7  Counterparts    A-50 
9.8  Entire Agreement    A-50 
9.9  Governing Law; Jurisdiction    A-50 
9.10 Waiver of Jury Trial    A-51 
9.11 Assignment; Third Party Beneficiaries    A-51 
9.12 Specific Performance    A-51 
9.13 Severability    A-51 
9.14 Delivery by Facsimile or Electronic Transmission    A-52 

EXHIBITS
Exhibit A – Terms of New Parent Preferred Stock
Exhibit B – Charter Amendment
 

A-iii



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 149/219

Table of Contents

INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS
 
   Page  
Acquisition Proposal    A-54 
affiliate    A-65 
Agreement    A-1 
Alternative Merger    A-7 
Alternative Structure    A-7 
Amended Articles Supplementary    A-16 
Articles of Merger    A-2 
Assumed Company Equity Awards    A-5 
Assumed Options    A-4 
Assumed Share Awards    A-5 
Bank Merger    A-6 
Bank Merger Agreement    A-6 
Bank Merger Certificates    A-6 
BHC Act    A-11 
business day    A-65 
Certificate    A-2 
Certificate of Merger    A-2 
Charter Amendment    A-14 
Chosen Courts    A-66 
Closing    A-1 
Closing Date    A-1 
Code    A-1 
Common Stockholder Matters    A-14 
Company    A-1 
Company 401(k) Plan    A-50 
Company Bank    A-6 
Company Benefit Plans    A-20 
Company Bylaws    A-12 
Company Charter    A-12 
Company Common Stock    A-2 
Company Contract    A-24 
Company Directors    A-53 
Company Disclosure Schedule    A-11 
Company Dividend Reinvestment Plan    A-13 
Company Equity Award Exchange Ratio    A-5 
Company Equity Awards    A-5 
Company Equity Plan    A-5 
Company Indemnified Parties    A-51 
Company Insiders    A-55 
Company Meeting    A-47 
Company Owned Properties    A-26 
Company Performance-Based Award    A-5 
Company Preferred Stock    A-3 
Company Qualified Plans    A-21 
Company Real Property    A-27 
Company Regulatory Agreement    A-25 
Company Reports    A-17 
Company Restricted Stock Award    A-6 
Company Restricted Stock Unit    A-6 
 

A-iv



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 150/219

Table of Contents

INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS
 
   Page  
Company Stock Option    A-6 
Company Stockholder Matters    A-14 
Company Subsidiary    A-12 
Confidentiality Agreement    A-47 
Continuing Employees    A-49 
CRA    A-23 
DFI    A-15 
dollars    A-65 
Effective Time    A-2 
Enforceability Exceptions    A-15 
Environmental Laws    A-26 
ERISA    A-20 
ERISA Affiliate    A-22 
Exchange Act    A-18 
Exchange Agent    A-8 
Exchange Fund    A-8 
Exchange Ratio    A-2 
Excluded Shares    A-2 
FDIC    A-13 
Federal Reserve Board    A-15 
GAAP    A-12 
Governmental Entity    A-16 
HSR Act    A-15 
Intellectual Property    A-27 
Intermediary    A-1 
Intermediary Articles    A-6 
Intermediary Code of Regulations    A-6 
IRS    A-19 
knowledge    A-65 
Liens    A-14 
Loans    A-29 
made available    A-65 
Material Adverse Effect    A-12 
Materially Burdensome Regulatory Condition    A-46 
Merger    A-1 
Merger Certificates    A-6 
Merger Consideration    A-2 
Merger Sub    A-7 
MGCL    A-1 
Multiemployer Plan    A-21 
Nasdaq    A-10 
New Certificates    A-3 
New Parent Preferred Stock    A-3 
New Plans    A-49 
OCC    A-15 
OGCL    A-1 
Parent    A-1 
Parent Articles    A-31 
Parent Bank    A-6 
 

A-v



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 151/219

Table of Contents

INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS
 
   Page  
Parent Charter Amendment    A-34 
Parent Code of Regulations    A-31 
Parent Common Stock    A-2 
Parent Contract    A-38 
Parent Disclosure Schedule    A-30 
Parent Equity Awards    A-32 
Parent Preferred Stock    A-31 
Parent Regulatory Agreement    A-39 
Parent Reports    A-34 
Parent Restricted Stock Award    A-31 
Parent Restricted Stock Unit Award    A-32 
Parent Share Closing Price    A-10 
Parent Significant Subsidiary    A-32 
Parent Stock Options    A-32 
Parent Stock Plans    A-32 
Parent Subsidiary    A-31 
Per Share Cash Consideration    A-2 
Permitted Encumbrances    A-27 
person    A-65 
Preferred Stockholder Matter    A-14 
Premium Cap    A-52 
Proxy Statement    A-16 
Purchaser    A-1 
Purchaser Bylaws    A-6 
Purchaser Certificate    A-6 
Purchaser Share Closing Price    A-10 
Regulatory Agencies    A-16 
Representatives    A-53 
Requisite Company Vote    A-14 
Requisite Preferred Vote    A-15 
Requisite Regulatory Approvals    A-46 
S-4    A-16 
Sarbanes-Oxley Act    A-17 
SEC    A-16 
Securities Act    A-17 
SRO    A-16 
Stock Deferred Compensation Plan    A-6 
Subsidiary    A-12 
Superior Proposal    A-54 
Surviving Corporation    A-1 
Takeover Statutes    A-28 
Tax    A-20 
Tax Return    A-20 
Taxes    A-20 
Termination Date    A-60 
Termination Fee    A-62 
Willful Breach    A-61 
 

A-vi



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 152/219

Table of Contents

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER, dated as of May 20, 2018 (this “Agreement”), by and among MB Financial, Inc., a Maryland
corporation (the “Company”), Fifth Third Bancorp, an Ohio corporation (“Parent”) and Fifth Third Financial Corporation, an Ohio corporation and a
direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent (“Intermediary”).

W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, the Boards of Directors of Parent, Intermediary and the Company have determined that it is in the best interests of their respective
companies and their shareholders to consummate the strategic business combination transaction provided for herein, pursuant to which the Company
will, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, merge with and into Intermediary (the “Merger”), so that Intermediary is the surviving
corporation (hereinafter sometimes referred to in such capacity as the “Surviving Corporation”) in the Merger; and

WHEREAS, for Federal income tax purposes, it is intended that the Merger shall qualify as a “reorganization” within the meaning of
Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), and this Agreement is intended to be and is adopted as a “plan of
reorganization” for purposes of Sections 354 and 361 of the Code; and

WHEREAS, the parties desire to make certain representations, warranties and agreements in connection with the Merger and also to prescribe
certain conditions to the Merger.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants, representations, warranties and agreements contained herein, and intending to be
legally bound hereby, the parties agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

THE MERGER

1.1    The Merger. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, in accordance with the Maryland General Corporation Law (the
“MGCL”) and the Ohio General Corporation law (the “OGCL”), at the Effective Time, the Company shall merge with and into Intermediary.
Intermediary shall be the Surviving Corporation in the Merger, and shall continue its corporate existence under the laws of the State of Ohio. Upon
consummation of the Merger, the separate corporate existence of the Company shall terminate.

1.2    Closing. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the closing of the Merger (the “Closing”) will take place at 10:00 a.m.
New York City time at the offices of Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP, on a date which shall be no later than three (3) business days after the satisfaction
or waiver (subject to applicable law) of the latest to occur of the conditions set forth in Article VII hereof (other than those conditions that by their
nature can only be satisfied at the Closing, but subject to the satisfaction or waiver thereof), or such other date or time mutually agreed in writing by the
parties (the “Closing Date”).

1.3    Effective Time. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, on or before the Closing Date, the Company and Intermediary
shall file or cause to be filed (a) articles of merger containing such information as is required by the relevant provisions of the MGCL in order to effect
the Merger with the Department of Assessments and Taxation of the State of Maryland (the “Articles of Merger”) and (b) a certificate of merger
containing such information as is required by the relevant provisions of OGCL in order to effect the Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of
Ohio (the “Certificate of Merger”). The Merger shall become effective upon filing or at such time as is specified in the Articles of Merger and
Certificate of Merger (such time, the “Effective Time”).
 

A-1



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 153/219

Table of Contents

1.4    Effects of the Merger. At and after the Effective Time, the Merger shall have the effects set forth in the applicable provisions of the
MGCL and the OGCL. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, and subject thereto, at the Effective Time, all the property, rights, privileges,
powers and franchises of the Company shall vest in the Surviving Corporation, and all debts, liabilities and duties of the Company shall become the
debts, liabilities and duties of the Surviving Corporation.

1.5    Conversion of Company Common Stock. At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of Parent,
Intermediary, the Company or the holder of any of the following securities:

(a)    Subject to Section 2.2(f), each share of the common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company (the “Company
Common Stock”) issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, except for shares of Company Common Stock owned by
the Company or Parent (in each case other than shares of Company Common Stock (i) held in Company Benefit Plans or trust accounts,
managed accounts, mutual funds and the like or otherwise held in a fiduciary or agency capacity, or (ii) shares held, directly or indirectly, in
respect of debts previously contracted, collectively the “Excluded Shares”), shall be converted into the right to receive, without interest, (i)
1.45 shares (the “Exchange Ratio”) of the common stock, without par value, of Parent (the “Parent Common Stock”) and (ii) $5.54 in cash
(the “Per Share Cash Consideration”) (the consideration described in (i) and (ii), the “Merger Consideration”).

(b)    All of the shares of Company Common Stock converted into the right to receive the Merger Consideration pursuant to this
Article I shall no longer be outstanding and shall automatically be cancelled and shall cease to exist as of the Effective Time, and each
certificate (each, a “Certificate”, it being understood that any reference herein to “Certificate” shall be deemed to include reference to
book-entry account statements relating to the ownership of shares of Company Common Stock) previously representing any such shares of
Company Common Stock shall thereafter represent only the right to receive (i) the Merger Consideration, (ii) cash in lieu of fractional
shares which the shares of Company Common Stock represented by such Certificate have been converted into the right to receive pursuant
to this Section 1.5 and Section 2.2(f), without any interest thereon, and (iii) any dividends or distributions which the holder thereof has the
right to receive pursuant to Section 2.2 (after giving effect to Section 6.10). Certificates previously representing shares of Company
Common Stock shall be exchanged for certificates or, at Parent’s option, evidence of shares in book-entry form (collectively, the “New
Certificates”) representing whole shares of Parent Common Stock and cash as set forth in 1.5(a) (together with any dividends or
distributions with respect thereto and cash in lieu of fractional shares issued in consideration therefor) upon the surrender of such
Certificates in accordance with Section 2.2, without any interest thereon. If, prior to the Effective Time, the outstanding shares of Parent
Common Stock or Company Common Stock shall have been increased, decreased, changed into or exchanged for a different number or kind
of shares or securities as a result of a reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification, stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock split or other
similar change in capitalization, or there shall be any extraordinary dividend or distribution, an appropriate and proportionate adjustment
shall be made to the Exchange Ratio to give the holders of the Company Common Stock the same economic effect as contemplated by this
Agreement prior to such event.

(c)    Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, at the Effective Time, all shares of the Company Common
Stock that are owned by the Company or Parent (in each case other than the Excluded Shares) shall be cancelled and shall cease to exist and
neither the Merger Consideration nor any other consideration shall be delivered in exchange therefor.

1.6    Company Preferred Stock. At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of any holder thereof,
each share of 6.00% Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series C, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company (the “Company Preferred Stock”)
issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall automatically be converted into a share of a newly created series of preferred
 

A-2



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 154/219

Table of Contents

stock of Parent having the powers, preferences and rights substantially in the form set forth in Exhibit A (all shares of such newly created series,
collectively, the “New Parent Preferred Stock”) and, upon such conversion, the Company Preferred Stock shall no longer be outstanding and shall
automatically be cancelled and shall cease to exist as of the Effective Time.

1.7    Parent Common Stock. At and after the Effective Time, each share of Parent Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior
to the Effective Time shall remain an issued and outstanding share of common stock of Parent and shall not be affected by the Merger.

1.8    Intermediary Common Stock. At and after the Effective Time, each share of Intermediary Common Stock issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time shall remain an issued and outstanding share of common stock of the Surviving Corporation and shall not be
affected by the Merger.

1.9    Company Equity Awards.

(a)    Each Company Equity Award that is outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time and is not otherwise an Assumed Company
Equity Award shall, immediately prior to the Effective Time, be cancelled and converted automatically into the right to receive the Merger
Consideration in accordance with Section 1.5(a) in respect of each share of Company Common Stock underlying such Company Equity Award. Parent
shall issue the consideration described in this Section 1.9(a), less applicable tax withholdings, within five (5) business days following the Closing Date.

(b)    Parent shall take such actions as are necessary for the assumption of the Company Equity Plan and each Assumed Company Equity
Award granted thereunder, including the reservation, issuance and listing of Parent Common Stock as is necessary to effectuate the transactions
contemplated by this Section 1.9(b). Within two (2) Business Days after the Effective Time, Parent shall prepare and file with the SEC a registration
statement on an appropriate form, or a post-effective amendment to a registration statement previously filed under the Securities Act (as hereinafter
defined), with respect to the shares of Parent Common Stock subject to each Assumed Company Equity Award and, where applicable, shall use its
reasonable best efforts to have such registration statement declared effective as soon as practicable following the Effective Time and to maintain the
effectiveness of such registration statement covering such Assumed Company Equity Award (and to maintain the current status of the prospectus
contained therein) for so long as such Assumed Company Equity Award remains outstanding. From and after the Effective Time, references to the
Company in the Company Equity Plan shall refer instead to Parent, and references to Company Common Stock shall refer to Parent Common Stock.

(c)    Without limiting the foregoing:

(i)    With respect to Assumed Company Equity Awards that are Company Stock Options, such assumed Company Stock Options (the
“Assumed Options”), whether or not exercisable or vested, shall be adjusted as necessary to provide that, at the Effective Time, shall be deemed to
constitute an option to acquire shares of Parent Common Stock in an amount and at an exercise price, each as determined in the following
sentence, and shall otherwise remain subject to the same terms and conditions (including, without limitation, vesting conditions). Each Assumed
Option shall represent the right to acquire (i) a number of shares of Parent Common Stock (rounded down to the nearest whole share) determined
by multiplying (A) the number of shares of Company Common Stock subject to such Assumed Option by (B) the Company Equity Award
Exchange Ratio (ii) at an exercise price per share of Parent Common Stock (rounded up to the nearest whole cent) equal to (A) the per share
exercise price for the shares of Company Common Stock purchasable pursuant to such Assumed Option divided by (B) the Company Equity
Award Exchange Ratio; provided that (1) in all cases, the exercise price of, and number of shares subject to, each Assumed Option shall be
determined as necessary to comply with Section 409A of the Code, and (2) for any Assumed Option to which Section 421 of the Code applies by
reason of its qualification under any of Sections 422 through 424 of the Code, the option price, the number of shares purchasable pursuant to such
option and the terms

 
A-3



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 155/219

Table of Contents

and conditions of exercise of such option shall be determined in order to comply with Section 424 of the Code.

(ii)    With respect to Assumed Company Equity Awards that are Company Restricted Stock Awards, Company Restricted Stock Units
or Company Performance-Based Awards, such assumed Company Restricted Stock Awards, Company Restricted Stock Units or Company
Performance-Based Awards (as applicable, “Assumed Share Awards”) will be adjusted so that its holder will be entitled to receive a number of
shares of Parent Common Stock (i) equal to the product of (A) the number of shares of Company Common Stock subject to such Assumed Share
Award, as applicable, immediately prior to the Effective Time multiplied by (B) the Company Equity Award Exchange Ratio and (ii) rounded, as
applicable, to the nearest whole share (with 0.50 being rounded upward), and shall otherwise remain subject to the same terms and conditions
(including, without limitation, vesting conditions and cash dividend equivalents).

(iii)    The parties hereto acknowledge that the assumption of Assumed Company Equity Awards described in this Section 1.9 are
intended to satisfy the requirements of Section 14.3 of the Company Equity Plan and that the Assumed Options and Assumed Share Awards shall
be considered “Replacement Awards” for purposes of Article 14 of the Company Equity Plan and all Assumed Company Equity Awards.

(d)    At the Effective Time, each share of Company Common Stock outstanding under the Stock Deferred Compensation Plan shall be
cancelled and deemed converted into the right to receive the Merger Consideration in accordance with Section 1.5(a), which shall otherwise remain
subject to the terms and conditions of the Stock Deferred Compensation Plan.

(e)    For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

(i)    “Assumed Company Equity Awards” means (A) all Company Stock Options that are outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time, whether or not then vested, and (B) each Company Equity Award (other than a Company Stock Options) that, immediately prior
to the Effective Time remains unvested and, by the terms of such Company Equity Award (and taking into account Section 1.9(c)(ii)), would not
automatically vest as of the Effective Time.

(ii)    “Company Equity Award Exchange Ratio” means the sum of (A) the Exchange Ratio and (B) the quotient obtained by dividing
(I) the Per Share Cash Consideration by the (II) the Parent Share Closing Price (as defined below in Section 2.2(f)).

(iii)    “Company Equity Awards” means Company Stock Options, Company Restricted Stock Awards, Company Restricted Stock
Units and Company Performance-Based Awards.

(iv)    “Company Equity Plan” means the Company’s Third Amended and Restated Omnibus Incentive Plan and, as applicable,
American Chartered Bancorp, Inc. Amended and Restated 2005 Stock Incentive Plan.

(v)    “Company Performance-Based Award” means an award granted under the terms of the Company Equity Plan, subject to the
achievement of certain performance goals during a performance period, as set forth in the applicable award agreement, which is denominated in
either (x) shares of Company Common Stock or (y) units which may be settled in shares of Company Common Stock, cash or a combination
thereof.

(vi)    “Company Restricted Stock Award” means an award shares of Company Common Stock, subject to certain vesting conditions as
set forth under the terms of the Company Equity Plan.

(vii)    “Company Restricted Stock Unit” means an award denominated in units which may be settled in shares of Company Common
Stock, cash or a combination thereof, subject to certain vesting conditions as set forth under the terms of the Company Equity Plan.

 
A-4



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 156/219

Table of Contents

(viii)    “Company Stock Option” means an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code or a nonqualified
stock option, in each case, to purchase share of the Company Common Stock granted under the Company Equity Plan.

(ix)     “Stock Deferred Compensation Plan” means the Company’s Stock Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated.

1.10    Articles of Incorporation of Surviving Corporation. At the Effective Time, the Articles of Incorporation of Intermediary (the
“Intermediary Articles”), as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall be the Articles of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation until
thereafter amended in accordance with applicable law.

1.11    Code of Regulations of Surviving Corporation. At the Effective Time, the Code of Regulations of Intermediary (the “Intermediary
Code of Regulations”), as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall be the Code of Regulations of the Surviving Corporation until
thereafter amended in accordance with applicable law.

1.12    Tax Consequences. It is intended that the Merger shall qualify as a “reorganization” within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the
Code, and that this Agreement is intended to be and is adopted as a “plan of reorganization” for the purposes of Sections 354 and 361 of the Code.

1.13    Bank Merger. Prior to the Effective Time, the Company, if requested by Parent, shall, and shall cause Company Bank to, use best
efforts to cooperate with Parent, including by executing, and causing Company Bank to execute, such certificates and articles of merger (collectively,
“Bank Merger Certificates”) and such other documents and certificates as are necessary, to effect, immediately following the Effective Time or at such
later date as Parent may determine, the merger (the “Bank Merger”) of MB Financial Bank, N.A., a national banking association and a wholly-owned
Subsidiary of the Company (“Company Bank”), with Fifth Third Bank, an Ohio state-chartered bank and a wholly-owned Subsidiary of Intermediary
(“Parent Bank”), pursuant to an agreement and plan of merger to be agreed upon by Parent and the Company, which agreement shall be in form and
substance customary for mergers similar to the Bank Merger, including that the Bank Merger shall be conditioned on the prior occurrence of the Merger
(the “Bank Merger Agreement”).

1.14    Alternative Structure.

(a)    Parent shall be empowered at any time prior to the Effective Time, to change the method or structure of effecting the combination of
the Company and Parent; provided, that no such change shall (i) alter or change the Merger Consideration or the number of shares of the Parent
Common Stock to be received by the Company’s stockholders in exchange for each share of the Company Common Stock, (ii) adversely affect the Tax
treatment of the Company’s or Parent’s shareholders pursuant to this Agreement, (iii) adversely affect the Tax treatment of the Company pursuant to this
Agreement or (iv) materially impede or delay the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The parties agree to reflect any
such change in an appropriate amendment to this Agreement executed by both parties in accordance with Section 9.2.

(b)    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, in the event the Preferred Stockholder Matter shall not have been approved
by the Requisite Preferred Vote as of the business day prior to the Closing Date, then the parties agree that (i) the Merger shall be effected by the merger
of a newly-formed subsidiary of Parent (“Merger Sub”) with and into the Company and the Company shall be the surviving corporation in such merger
and continue its corporate existence under the laws of the State of Maryland as a subsidiary of Parent (the “Alternative Merger”), (ii) the Charter
Amendment shall become effective and the Company shall file the Charter Amendment with the Department of Assessments and Taxation of the State
of Maryland pursuant to Section 6.19 immediately prior to the effective time of the Alternative Merger, (iii) at the effective time of the Alternative
Merger, the holders of Company Common Stock shall have the right to receive the Merger
 

A-5



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 157/219

Table of Contents

Consideration pursuant to Section 1.5, (iv) the Company Preferred Stock shall remain issued and outstanding at and after the effective time of the
Alternative Merger, (v) each share of Common Stock of Merger Sub issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Alternative
Merger shall be converted into one share of the Company Common Stock and constitute the only outstanding shares of common stock of the Company
after the effective time of the Alternative Merger, (vi) the Bank Merger will continue to be effected in accordance with Section 1.13, if so elected by
Parent and (vii) the Company Equity Awards shall be cancelled and converted into the right to receive the Merger Consideration or assumed, as
applicable, in accordance with Section 1.9 (collectively, items (i) to (vii), the “Alternative Structure”). In the event the parties effect the Alternative
Structure, (A) the Company Preferred Stock shall not be converted into, and Parent shall not issue, the New Parent Preferred Stock pursuant to
Section 1.6, (B) Parent shall not be required to deposit into the Exchange Fund New Parent Preferred Stock certificates or any cash in connection with
the payment of dividends declared with respect to the New Parent Preferred Stock pursuant to Section 2.1 or effect the exchange procedures with respect
to the Company Preferred Stock set forth in Section 2.2, and (C) Parent shall not be required to cause the New Parent Preferred Stock to be approved for
listing on Nasdaq pursuant to Section 6.5. Intermediary shall have the right to assign this Agreement to Merger Sub in order to consummate the
Alternative Merger. Parent, Intermediary and the Company shall use reasonable best efforts to take all corporate action and make all filings reasonably
necessary or desirable to facilitate the Alternative Structure. Actions taken in connection with, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
by, the Alternative Structure shall not constitute a breach of any representations and warranties of the parties set forth in this Agreement. If the
Alternative Structure is effected by the parties, then all references in this Agreement to the “Merger” shall mean the “Alternative Merger”. Parent may
elect in its sole discretion to issue a guarantee to the holders of the Company Preferred Stock that remains outstanding following the Alternative Merger
for the payment of dividends, the redemption price and the liquidation value of the Company Preferred Stock.

ARTICLE II

EXCHANGE OF SHARES

2.1    Parent to Make Consideration Available. At or prior to the Effective Time, Parent shall deposit, or shall cause to be deposited, with
Parent’s transfer agent or a bank or trust company designated by Parent and reasonably acceptable to the Company (the “Exchange Agent”) pursuant to
an agreement entered into by Parent prior to the Closing, for the benefit of the holders of Certificates and the Company Preferred Stock, for exchange in
accordance with this Article II, (a) New Certificates to be issued pursuant to Section 1.5 and exchanged pursuant to Section 2.2(a) in exchange for
outstanding shares of the Company Common Stock, (b) New Parent Preferred Stock certificates to be issued pursuant to Section 1.6 and exchanged
pursuant to 2.2(a), and (c) cash in an amount sufficient to pay (i) the aggregate cash portion of the Merger Consideration and (ii) cash in lieu of any
fractional shares (such cash, New Certificates and New Parent Preferred Stock described in the foregoing clauses (a) through (c), together with any
dividends or distributions with respect thereto (after giving effect to Section 6.10, being hereinafter referred to as the “Exchange Fund”). The Exchange
Agent shall invest any cash included in the Exchange Fund as directed by Parent, provided that no such investment or losses thereon shall affect the
amount of Merger Consideration and other amounts payable to the holders of Certificates. Any interest and other income resulting from such
investments shall be paid to Parent.

2.2    Exchange Procedures. (a) As promptly as practicable after the Effective Time, but in no event later than ten (10 days thereafter. Parent
shall cause the Exchange Agent to mail to each (i) holder of record of one or more Certificates representing shares of the Company Common Stock
immediately prior to the Effective Time that have been converted at the Effective Time into the right to receive Merger Consideration pursuant to Article
I, a letter of transmittal (which shall specify that delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and title to the Certificates shall pass, only upon proper
delivery of the Certificates to the Exchange Agent) and instructions for use in effecting the surrender of the Certificates in exchange for certificates
representing the number of whole shares of Parent Common Stock, the cash portion of the Merger Consideration and any cash in lieu of fractional
 

A-6



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 158/219

Table of Contents

shares which the shares of Company Common Stock represented by such Certificate or Certificates shall have been converted into the right to receive
pursuant to this Agreement as well as any dividends or distributions to be paid pursuant to Section 2.2(c), and (ii) holder of record of Company
Preferred Stock a letter of transmittal and instructions for use in effecting the surrender of the Company Preferred Stock certificate in exchange for
certificates representing the number of shares of New Parent Preferred Stock as well as any dividends or distributions to be paid pursuant to
Section 2.2(c). Upon proper surrender of a Certificate or Certificates for exchange and cancellation to the Exchange Agent, together with such properly
completed letter of transmittal, duly executed, the holder of such Certificate or Certificates shall be entitled to receive in exchange therefor, as
applicable, (i) a New Certificate representing that number of whole shares of Parent Common Stock to which such holder of Company Common Stock
shall have become entitled pursuant to the provisions of Article I and (ii) a check representing the amount of (A) the cash portion of the Merger
Consideration which such holder has the right to receive in respect of the Certificate or Certificates surrendered pursuant to the provisions of this Article
II, (B) any cash in lieu of fractional shares which such holder has the right to receive in respect of the Certificate or Certificates surrendered pursuant to
the provisions of this Article II and (C) any dividends or distributions which the holder thereof has the right to receive pursuant to this Section 2.2, and
the Certificate or Certificates so surrendered shall forthwith be cancelled. Upon proper surrender of Company Preferred Stock certificate for exchange
and cancellation to the Exchange Agent, together with such properly completed letter of transmittal, duly executed, the holder of such Company
Preferred Stock certificate shall be entitled to receive in exchange therefor, as applicable, (i) New Parent Preferred Stock certificate and (ii) a check
representing the amount of any dividends or distributions which the holder thereof has the right to receive pursuant to this Section 2.2, and the Company
Preferred Stock so surrendered shall forthwith be cancelled.

(b)    No interest will be paid or accrued on the cash portion of the Merger Consideration or any cash in lieu of fractional shares payable to
holders of Certificates. Until surrendered as contemplated by this Section 2.2, each Certificate and Company Preferred Stock certificate shall be deemed
at any time after the Effective Time to represent only the right to receive, upon surrender, the Merger Consideration, New Parent Preferred Stock and
any cash in lieu of fractional shares or in respect of dividends or distributions as contemplated by this Section 2.2 (after giving effect to Section 6.10), as
applicable.

(c)    No dividends or other distributions declared with respect to the Parent Common Stock or New Parent Preferred Stock, as applicable,
shall be paid to the holder of any unsurrendered Certificate or Company Preferred Stock certificate until the holder thereof shall surrender such
Certificate or Company Preferred Stock certificate, as applicable, in accordance with this Article II. After the surrender of a Certificate or Company
Preferred Stock certificate, as applicable, in accordance with this Article II, the record holder thereof shall be entitled to receive any such dividends or
other distributions, without any interest thereon, which theretofore had become payable with respect to the whole shares of the Parent Common Stock
which the shares of Company Common Stock represented by such Certificate have been converted into the right to receive or New Parent Preferred
Stock which the shares of Company Preferred stock have been converted into the right to receive, as applicable.

(d)    If any certificate representing shares of the Parent Common Stock or New Parent Preferred Stock is to be issued in a name other than
that in which the Certificate or Certificates or Company Preferred Stock certificate surrendered in exchange therefor is or are registered, it shall be a
condition of the issuance thereof that the Certificate or Certificates or Company Preferred Stock certificate, as applicable, so surrendered shall be
properly endorsed (or accompanied by an appropriate instrument of transfer) and otherwise in proper form for transfer, and that the person requesting
such exchange shall pay to the Exchange Agent in advance any transfer or other similar Taxes required by reason of the issuance of a certificate
representing shares of the Parent Common Stock or New Parent Preferred Stock in any name other than that of the registered holder of the Certificate or
Certificates or Company Preferred Stock certificates, as applicable, surrendered, or required for any other reason, or shall establish to the satisfaction of
the Exchange Agent that such Tax has been paid or is not payable.

(e)    After the Effective Time, there shall be no transfers on the stock transfer books of the Company of the shares of the Company Common
Stock or Company Preferred Stock that were issued and outstanding
 

A-7



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 159/219

Table of Contents

immediately prior to the Effective Time. If, after the Effective Time, Certificates or Company Preferred Stock certificates representing such shares are
presented for transfer to the Exchange Agent, they shall be cancelled and exchanged for the Merger Consideration, New Parent Preferred Stock, cash in
lieu of fractional shares and dividends or distributions, as applicable, that the holder presenting such certificate is entitled to as provided in this Article
II.

(f)    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, no certificates or scrip representing fractional shares of the Parent Common
Stock shall be issued upon the surrender for exchange of Certificates, no dividend or distribution with respect to the Parent Common Stock shall be
payable on or with respect to any fractional share, and such fractional share interests shall not entitle the owner thereof to vote or to any other rights of a
shareholder of Parent. In lieu of the issuance of any such fractional share, Parent shall pay to each former stockholder of the Company who otherwise
would be entitled to receive such fractional share an amount in cash (rounded to the nearest cent) determined by multiplying (i) the average of the
closing-sale prices of Parent Common Stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Stock Market (“Nasdaq”) as reported by The Wall Street Journal for the five
(5) full trading days ending on the trading day immediately preceding the Closing Date (the “Parent Share Closing Price”) by (ii) the fraction of a share
(rounded to the nearest thousandth when expressed in decimal form) of the Parent Common Stock which such holder (taking into account all fractional
share interests to be received by such holder) would otherwise be entitled to receive pursuant to Section 1.5.

(g)    Any portion of the Exchange Fund that remains unclaimed by the stockholders of the Company for twelve (12) months after the
Effective Time shall be paid to the Parent. Any former stockholders of the Company who have not theretofore complied with this Article II shall
thereafter look only to the Parent for payment of the Merger Consideration, New Preferred Stock, cash in lieu of any fractional shares and any unpaid
dividends and distributions on the Parent Common Stock or New Parent Preferred Stock, as applicable, deliverable in respect of each former share of the
Company Common Stock or the Company Preferred Stock such stockholder holds as determined pursuant to this Agreement, in each case, without any
interest thereon. Notwithstanding the foregoing, none of Parent, Intermediary, the Company, the Surviving Corporation, the Exchange Agent or any
other person shall be liable to any former holder of shares of the Company Common Stock or Company Preferred Stock for any amount delivered in
good faith to a public official pursuant to applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar laws.

(h)    Parent shall be entitled to deduct and withhold, or cause the Exchange Agent to deduct and withhold, from any cash portion of the
Merger Consideration, cash in lieu of fractional shares of Parent Common Stock, cash dividends or distributions payable pursuant to this Section 2.2 or
any other cash amounts otherwise payable pursuant to this Agreement to any holder of the Company Common Stock and Company Preferred Stock, as
applicable, such amounts as it is required to deduct and withhold with respect to the making of such payment under the Code or any provision of state,
local or foreign Tax law. To the extent that amounts are so withheld by Parent or the Exchange Agent, as the case may be, and paid over to the
appropriate governmental authority, the withheld amounts shall be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to the holder of the
Company Common Stock or Company Preferred Stock, as applicable, in respect of which the deduction and withholding was made by Parent or the
Exchange Agent, as the case may be.

(i)    In the event any Certificate or Company Preferred Stock certificate shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an
affidavit of that fact by the person claiming such certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed and, if required by Parent, the posting by such person of a
bond in such amount as Parent may determine is reasonably necessary as indemnity against any claim that may be made against it with respect to such
Certificate or Company Preferred Stock certificate, as applicable, the Exchange Agent will issue in exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed
Certificate or Company Preferred Stock certificate, as applicable, the Merger Consideration, New Parent Preferred Stock, any cash in lieu of fractional
shares and dividends or distributions deliverable in respect thereof pursuant to this Agreement, as applicable.
 

A-8



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 160/219

Table of Contents

ARTICLE III

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF COMPANY

Except (a) as disclosed in the disclosure schedule delivered by the Company to Parent concurrently herewith (the “Company Disclosure
Schedule”); provided, that (i) no such item is required to be set forth as an exception to a representation or warranty if its absence would not result in the
related representation or warranty being deemed untrue or incorrect, (ii) the mere inclusion of an item in the Company Disclosure Schedule as an
exception to a representation or warranty shall not be deemed an admission by the Company that such item represents a material exception or fact, event
or circumstance or that such item is reasonably expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect on the Company and (iii) any disclosures made with
respect to a section of Article III shall be deemed to qualify (1) any other section of Article III specifically referenced or cross-referenced and (2) other
sections of Article III to the extent it is reasonably apparent on its face (notwithstanding the absence of a specific cross reference) from a reading of the
disclosure that such disclosure applies to such other sections or (b) as disclosed in any Company Reports filed by the Company since January 1, 2015
and prior to the date hereof (but disregarding risk factor disclosures contained under the heading “Risk Factors,” or disclosures of risks set forth in any
“forward-looking statements” disclaimer or any other statements that are similarly non-specific or cautionary, predictive or forward-looking in nature),
the Company hereby represents and warrants to Parent as follows:

3.1    Corporate Organization. (a) The Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
State of Maryland and is a bank holding company duly registered under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the “BHC Act”), which
has elected to be, and qualifies as, a financial holding company under the BHC Act. The Company has the corporate power and authority to own or lease
all of its properties and assets and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted and is duly licensed or qualified to do business in each
jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted by it or the character or location of the properties and assets owned or leased by it makes such
licensing or qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so licensed or qualified would not, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company. As used in this Agreement, the term “Material Adverse Effect” means, with respect to
the Company, Parent or Intermediary, as the case may be, any event, circumstance, development, change or effect that, individually or in the aggregate,
(i) has a material adverse effect on the business, properties, assets, liabilities, results of operations or financial condition of such person and its
Subsidiaries taken as a whole (provided, however, that, with respect to this clause (i), Material Adverse Effect shall not be deemed to include the impact
of (A) changes, after the date hereof, in U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) or applicable regulatory accounting requirements or
official interpretations thereof, (B) changes, after the date hereof, in laws, rules or regulations of general applicability to companies in the industries in
which such person or its Subsidiaries operate, or interpretations thereof by courts or Governmental Entities, (C) changes, after the date hereof, in global,
national or regional political conditions (including the outbreak of war or acts of terrorism) or in economic or market (including equity, credit and debt
markets, as well as changes in interest rates) conditions affecting the financial services industry generally and not specifically relating to such person or
its Subsidiaries, (D) public disclosure of the execution of this Agreement, public disclosure or consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby
(including any effect on such person’s or its Subsidiaries’ relationships with its customers, employees or other persons) or actions expressly required by
this Agreement or actions or omissions that are taken with the prior written consent of or at the written direction of Parent, in the case of the Company,
or the Company, in the case of the Parent, (E) a decline in the trading price of such person’s common stock or the failure, in and of itself, to meet
earnings projections or internal financial forecasts (it being understood that the underlying cause of such decline or failure may be taken into account in
determining whether a Material Adverse Effect on such person has occurred) or (F) in the case of the Company, liabilities and other consequences
associated with the discontinuance of Company Bank’s national residential mortgage origination business; except, with respect to subclauses (A), (B) or
(C), to the extent that the effects of such change are disproportionately adverse to the business, properties, assets, liabilities, results of operations or
financial condition of such person and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, as compared to other
 

A-9



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 161/219

Table of Contents

companies in the industries in such person and its Subsidiaries operate); or (ii) prevents or materially impairs, or would be reasonably likely to prevent
or materially impair, the ability of such person to timely consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. As used in this Agreement, the word
“Subsidiary” when used with respect to any person, means any other person Controlled by such person, whether directly or indirectly, or any other
person who owns securities or other ownership interests having a majority of the economic interest or voting power of such person. As used in this
Agreement, the word “Control” and the correlative terms “Controlling” and “Controlled”, means, with respect to any specified person, the power to
direct the management and policies of such person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.
True and complete copies of the Charter, as amended, of the Company (the “Company Charter”) and the Amended and Restated By-Laws of the
Company (the “Company Bylaws”), as in effect as of the date of this Agreement, have previously been made available by the Company to Parent.

(b)    Each Subsidiary of the Company (a “Company Subsidiary”) (i) is duly organized and validly existing under the laws of its jurisdiction
of organization, (ii) is duly qualified to do business and, where such concept is recognized under applicable law, in good standing in all jurisdictions
(whether federal, state, local or foreign) where its ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of its business requires it to be so qualified and in
which the failure to be so qualified would reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on the
Company and (iii) has all requisite corporate (or similar) power and authority to own or lease its properties and assets and to carry on its business as now
conducted in all material respects. There are no restrictions on the ability of any Subsidiary of the Company to pay dividends or distributions except for
restrictions on dividends or distributions under applicable law and, in the case of a Subsidiary that is a regulated entity, for restrictions on dividends or
distributions generally applicable to all such regulated entities. The deposit accounts of the Company Bank are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation (the “FDIC”) to the fullest extent permitted by law, all premiums and assessments required to be paid in connection therewith have been
paid when due, and no proceedings for the termination of such insurance are pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened. Section 3.1(b) of
the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a true and complete list of (x) all Subsidiaries of the Company as of the date hereof and (y) all persons (not
including Company Subsidiaries) in which the Company, together with any Company Subsidiaries, owns (directly or indirectly) 5% or more of a class of
voting securities (other than as part of Company Bank’s investment portfolio). Other than the Company Bank, the Company does not own 5% or more
of any class of voting securities of any entity which is an FDIC insured depositary institution.

3.2    Capitalization. (a) The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of 120,000,000 shares of Company Common Stock, par value
$0.01 per share and 10,000,000 shares of Company preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share, of which 200,000 shares have been classified as Company
Preferred Stock. As of May 18, 2018, there were (i) 84,077,597 shares of Company Common Stock issued and outstanding, (ii) 1,741,576 shares of
Company Common Stock reserved for issuance upon the exercise of outstanding Company Stock Options, (iii) 781,495 shares of Company Common
Stock reserved for issuance upon the settlement of Company Restricted Stock Units, (iv) 220,823 shares of Company Common Stock reserved for
issuance upon the settlement of Company Performance-Based Awards, (v) 200,000 shares of Company Preferred Stock issued and outstanding (vi)
2,110,012 shares of Company Common Stock reserved for issuance in respect of future grants under the Company Equity Plan, (vii) 1,651,457 shares of
Company Common Stock reserved for issuance in respect of the Company Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan (the “Company Dividend
Reinvestment Plan”) and (viii) no other shares of capital stock or other voting securities of the Company issued, reserved for issuance or outstanding.
Since May 18, 2018 to the date hereof, the Company has not issued or become obligated to issue any Company Common Stock or Company preferred
stock other than pursuant to the exercise of outstanding Company Stock Options, the settlement of Company Restricted Stock Units and Company
Performance-Based Awards previously granted, or in connection with dividend reinvestments under the Company Dividend Reinvestment Plan. All of
the issued and outstanding shares of Company Common Stock and Company Preferred Stock have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully
paid, nonassessable and free of preemptive rights. There are no bonds, debentures, notes or other indebtedness that have the right to vote on any matters
on which stockholders of the Company may vote. Except as set forth in Section 3.2(a) of the Company Disclosure
 

A-10



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 162/219

Table of Contents

Schedule, as of the date of this Agreement no trust preferred or subordinated debt securities of the Company are issued or outstanding. Other than
Company Stock Options, Company Restricted Stock Awards, Company Restricted Stock Units or Company Performance-Based Awards, there are no
outstanding subscriptions, options, warrants, puts, calls, rights, exchangeable or convertible securities or other commitments or agreements obligating
the Company to issue, transfer, sell, purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, any such securities. There are no voting trusts, stockholder agreements,
proxies or other agreements in effect pursuant to which the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries has a contractual obligation with respect to the
voting or transfer of the Company Common Stock or other equity interests of the Company.

(b)    The Company owns, directly or indirectly, all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock or other equity ownership interests
of each of the Company Subsidiaries (other than trust Subsidiaries that have issued preferred securities to other persons), free and clear of any liens,
pledges, charges, encumbrances and security interests whatsoever (“Liens”), and all of such shares or equity ownership interests are duly authorized and
validly issued and are fully paid, nonassessable (except, with respect to Company Bank, as provided under 12 U.S.C. §55) and free of preemptive rights.
No Company Subsidiary has or is bound by any outstanding subscriptions, options, warrants, calls, rights, commitments or agreements of any character
calling for the purchase or issuance of any shares of capital stock or any other equity security of such Subsidiary or any securities representing the right
to purchase or otherwise receive any shares of capital stock or any other equity security of such Subsidiary.

3.3    Authority; No Violation. (a) The Company has full corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the Merger have been duly
and validly approved by the Board of Directors of the Company. The Board of Directors of the Company has determined that the Merger, on the terms
and conditions set forth in this Agreement, is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders and has directed that (i) (x) this Agreement and
the transactions contemplated hereby be submitted to the holders of the Company Common Stock for approval at a meeting of such stockholders, and
(y) the articles of amendment of the Company Charter substantially in the form set forth in Exhibit B be submitted to the holders of the Company
Common Stock for approval at a meeting of such stockholders (provided that such Company Charter amendment shall become effective immediately
prior to the Effective Time (and, for the avoidance of doubt, following the satisfaction of the closing conditions set forth in Section 7.1) only if the
holders of the Company Preferred Stock do not approve this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby) (the “Charter Amendment”, and
together with the approval of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby by the holders of the Company Common Stock, the “Common
Stockholder Matters”) and (ii) this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby be submitted to the holders of the Company Preferred Stock for
approval at a meeting of such stockholders (the “Preferred Stockholder Matter”, and together with the Common Stockholder Matters, the “Company
Stockholder Matters”), and the Board of Directors of the Company has adopted a resolution to the foregoing effect. Except for the approval of (A) this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding Company Common Stock
entitled to vote and (B) the Charter Amendment by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding Company Common Stock entitled
to vote (collectively, items (A) and (B), the “Requisite Company Vote”), and the adoption and approval of the Bank Merger Agreement by Company
Bank and the Company as its sole stockholder, no other corporate proceedings on the part of the Company are necessary to approve this Agreement or to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. Except for the approval of the Preferred Stockholder Matter by the affirmative vote of the holders of
two-thirds of the outstanding Company Preferred Stock voting separately as a class (the “Requisite Preferred Vote”), no vote or other approval of the
holders of the Company Preferred Stock is required in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of
transactions contemplated hereby, whether by reason of applicable law, the organizational documents of the Company, the rules or requirements of any
SRO or otherwise. This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by the Company and (assuming due authorization, execution and
delivery by Parent and Intermediary) constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its
terms (except in all cases as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy,
 

A-11



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 163/219

Table of Contents

insolvency, fraudulent transfer, moratorium, reorganization or similar laws affecting insured depository institutions or their parent companies or the
rights of creditors generally and the availability of equitable remedies (the “Enforceability Exceptions”)). No appraisal rights are or will be available to
the holders of the Company Common Stock or the Company Preferred Stock (or depositary shares in respect thereof) under the MGCL in connection
with the Merger or Alternative Merger assuming the Company Common Stock and Company Preferred Stock (or depositary shares in respect thereof)
continue to be listed on Nasdaq on the record date for the Company Meeting.

(b)    Subject to the receipt of the Requisite Company Vote, neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company nor the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, nor compliance by the Company with any of the terms or provisions hereof, will (i) violate any
provision of the Company Charter or the Company Bylaws (or the organizational documents of any Subsidiary of the Company) or (ii) assuming that
the consents, approvals and filings referred to in Sections 3.4 and 4.4 are duly obtained and/or made, (x) violate any law, statute, code, ordinance, rule,
regulation, judgment, order, writ, decree or injunction applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective properties or assets
or (y) violate, conflict with, result in a breach of any provision of or the loss of any benefit under, constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or
lapse of time, or both, would constitute a default) under, result in the termination of or a right of termination or cancellation under, accelerate the
performance required by, or result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the respective properties or assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
under, any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, deed of trust, license, lease, agreement or other instrument or
obligation to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party, or by which they or any of their respective properties or assets may be bound,
except (in the case of clause (ii) above) for such violations, conflicts, breaches, defaults, terminations, cancellations, accelerations or creations which,
either individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to be material to the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

3.4    Consents and Approvals. Except for (a) the filing of applications, filings and notices, as applicable, with Nasdaq, (b) the filing of
applications, filings and notices, as applicable, with the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the “Federal Reserve Board”), the Office of
the Comptroller of the Currency (the “OCC”) and the Ohio Department of Commerce, Division of Financial Institutions (the “DFI”) and the approval of
such applications, filings and notices, (c) the filing of any required applications, filings or notices with any other banking or other regulatory authorities
listed on Section 3.4 of the Company Disclosure Schedule or Section 4.4 of the Parent Disclosure Schedule and the approval or non-objection of such
applications, filings and notices, as applicable, (d) the filing of any applications, filings or notices under the Hart Scott Rodino Antitrust Improvements
Act of 1976, as amended (the “HSR Act”), if required, (e) the filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) of a proxy statement in
definitive form relating to the meeting of the Company’s common and preferred stockholders to be held in connection with the Company Stockholder
Matters (including any amendments or supplements thereto, the “Proxy Statement”), and of the registration statement on Form S-4 in which the Proxy
Statement will be included as a prospectus, to be filed with the SEC by Parent in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the
“S-4”) and declaration of effectiveness of the S-4, (f) the filing of the Articles of Merger with the Department of Assessments and Taxation of the State
of Maryland pursuant to the MGCL and the filing of the Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Ohio pursuant to the OGCL and
the filing of the Bank Merger Certificates, (g) if the Preferred Stockholder Matter is not approved and the Charter Amendment is approved by the
holders of the Company Common Stock the filing of articles of amendment to the Articles Supplementary of the Company Preferred Stock (the
“Amended Articles Supplementary”) with the Department of Assessments and Taxation of the State of Maryland required to effect such amendments
and (h) such filings and approvals as are required to be made or obtained under the securities or “Blue Sky” laws of various states in connection with the
issuance of the shares of Parent Common Stock and the New Parent Preferred Stock (or depositary shares in respect thereof) pursuant to this Agreement
and the approval of the listing of such Parent Common Stock and the New Parent Preferred Stock (or depositary shares in respect thereof) on Nasdaq, no
consents or approvals of or filings or registrations with any court, administrative agency or commission or other governmental authority or
instrumentality or SRO (each
 

A-12



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 164/219

Table of Contents

a “Governmental Entity”) are necessary in connection with (i) the execution and delivery by the Company of this Agreement or (ii) the consummation
by the Company of the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby (including the Bank Merger). As of the date hereof, the Company is not
aware of any reason why the necessary regulatory approvals and consents will not be received in order to permit consummation of the Merger and the
Bank Merger on a timely basis.

3.5    Reports. (a) The Company and each of its Subsidiaries have timely filed or furnished, as applicable, all reports, registrations and
statements, together with any amendments required to be made with respect thereto, that they were required to file or furnish, as applicable, since
January 1, 2015 with (i) any state regulatory authority, (ii) the SEC, (iii) the Federal Reserve Board, (iv) the FDIC, (v) the OCC (vi) any foreign
regulatory authority and (vii) any self-regulatory organization (an “SRO”) ((i) – (vii), collectively “Regulatory Agencies”), including any report,
registration or statement required to be filed or furnished, as applicable, pursuant to the laws, rules or regulations of the United States, any state, any
foreign entity or any Regulatory Agency, and have paid all fees and assessments due and payable in connection therewith, except where the failure to
file such report, registration or statement or to pay such fees and assessments, either individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company. Except for normal examinations conducted by a Regulatory Agency in the ordinary course of
business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, (i) no Regulatory Agency has initiated or has pending any proceeding or, to the knowledge of the
Company, investigation into the business or operations of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries since January 1, 2015, and (ii) there is no unresolved
violation, criticism or exception by any Regulatory Agency with respect to any report or statement relating to any examinations or inspections of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, in each case of clauses (i) and (ii), which would reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the
aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on the Company.

(b)    An accurate and complete copy of each final registration statement, prospectus, report, schedule and definitive proxy statement filed
with or furnished to the SEC by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries since January 1, 2015 pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
“Securities Act”), or the Exchange Act (the “Company Reports”) is publicly available. No such Company Report, as of the date thereof (and, in the case
of registration statements and proxy statements, on the dates of effectiveness and the dates of the relevant meetings, respectively), contained any untrue
statement of a material fact or omitted to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light
of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading, except that information filed or furnished as of a later date (but before the date of this
Agreement) shall be deemed to modify information as of an earlier date. Since January 1, 2015, as of their respective dates, all Company Reports filed
under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act complied in all material respects with the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto.
As of the date of this Agreement, no executive officer of the Company has failed in any respect to make the certifications required of him or her under
Section 302 or 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the “Sarbanes-Oxley Act”). As of the date of this Agreement, there are no outstanding comments
from or material unresolved issues raised by the SEC with respect to any of the Company Reports.

3.6    Financial Statements. (a) The financial statements of the Company and its Subsidiaries included (or incorporated by reference) in the
Company Reports (including the related notes, where applicable) (i) have been prepared from, and are in accordance with, the books and records of the
Company and its Subsidiaries, (ii) fairly present in all material respects the consolidated results of operations, cash flows, changes in stockholders’
equity and consolidated financial position of the Company and its Subsidiaries for the respective fiscal periods or as of the respective dates therein set
forth (subject in the case of unaudited statements to year-end audit adjustments normal in nature and amount), (iii) complied, as of their respective dates
of filing with the SEC, in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and with the published rules and regulations of the SEC with
respect thereto and (iv) have been prepared in all material respects in accordance with GAAP consistently applied during the periods involved, except, in
each case, as indicated in such statements or in the notes thereto. The books and records of the Company and its Subsidiaries have been, since January 1,
2015, and are being, maintained in all material respects in accordance with GAAP and any other applicable legal and
 

A-13



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 165/219

Table of Contents

accounting requirements and reflect only actual transactions. RSM US LLP has not resigned (or informed the Company that it intends to resign) or been
dismissed as independent public accountants of the Company as a result of or in connection with any disagreements with the Company on a matter of
accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure or auditing scope or procedure.

(b)    Except as would not reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on the
Company, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any liability (whether absolute, accrued, contingent or otherwise and whether due or to
become due) of any nature whatsoever, except for (i) those liabilities that are reflected or reserved against on the consolidated balance sheet of the
Company included in its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2018 (including any notes thereto), (ii) liabilities
incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice since March 31, 2018, (iii) liabilities incurred in connection with the
discontinuance of Company Bank’s national residential mortgage origination business, or (iv) liabilities incurred in connection with this Agreement and
the transactions contemplated hereby.

(c)    The records, systems, controls, data and information of the Company and its Subsidiaries are recorded, stored, maintained and operated
under means (including any electronic, mechanical or photographic process, whether computerized or not) that are under the exclusive ownership and
direct control of the Company or its Subsidiaries or accountants (including all means of access thereto and therefrom), except for any non-exclusive
ownership and non-direct control that, either individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the
Company. The Company (x) has implemented and maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”)) to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its Subsidiaries, is
made known to the chief executive officer and the chief financial officer of the Company by others within those entities as appropriate to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosures and to make the certifications required by the Exchange Act and Sections 302 and 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act, and (y) has reported, based on its most recent evaluation prior to the date hereof, to the Company’s outside auditors and the audit committee of the
Company’s Board of Directors (i) any significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act) which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company’s ability to record, process,
summarize and report financial information, and (ii) any fraud, to the extent known to the Company, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the Company’s internal controls over financial reporting. These disclosures were made in writing by
the Company’s management to the Company’s auditors and audit committee and a copy has been previously made available to Parent. To the knowledge
of the Company, there is no reason to believe that the Company’s outside auditors and its chief executive officer and chief financial officer will not be
able to give the certifications and attestations required pursuant to the rules and regulations adopted pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act,
without qualification, when next due.

(d)    Since January 1, 2015, (i) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any director, officer,
auditor, accountant or representative of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, has received or otherwise had or obtained knowledge of any material
complaint, allegation, assertion or claim, whether written or oral, regarding the accounting or auditing practices, procedures, methodologies or methods
(including with respect to loan loss reserves, write-downs, charge-offs and accruals) of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or their respective
internal accounting controls, including any material complaint, allegation, assertion or claim, whether written or oral, that the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries has engaged in questionable accounting or auditing practices, and (ii) no attorney representing the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
whether or not employed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, has reported evidence of a material violation of securities laws, breach of fiduciary
duty or similar violation by the Company or any of its officers, directors, employees or agents to the Board of Directors of the Company or any
committee thereof or to the knowledge of the Company, to any director or officer of the Company.

3.7    Broker’s Fees. With the exception of the engagement of Sandler O’Neill & Partners, L.P., neither the Company nor any Company
Subsidiary nor any of their respective officers or directors has employed any
 

A-14



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 166/219

Table of Contents

broker, finder or financial advisor or incurred any liability for any broker’s fees, commissions or finder’s fees in connection with the Merger or related
transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The Company has provided to Parent a copy of the letter agreement entered into with Sandler O’Neill &
Partners, L.P. regarding its engagement in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

3.8    Absence of Certain Changes or Events. (a) Since December 31, 2017, no event or events have occurred that have had or would
reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on the Company.

(b)    Except for the negotiation of this Agreement, the transactions contemplated hereby or in connection with the discontinuance of
Company Bank’s national residential mortgage origination business, since December 31, 2017, the Company and its Subsidiaries have carried on their
respective businesses in all material respects in the ordinary course consistent with past practice.

3.9    Legal Proceedings. (a) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any, and there are no pending or, to the knowledge
of the Company, threatened, legal, administrative, arbitral or other material proceedings, claims, actions or governmental or regulatory investigations of
any nature against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their current directors or executive officers in their capacities as such (i) that would
reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on the Company; or (ii) of a bonafide and material nature
challenging the validity or propriety of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(b)    There is no injunction, order, judgment, decree or regulatory restriction imposed upon the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or the
assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that would reasonably be expected to be material to the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a
whole..

3.10    Taxes and Tax Returns. (a) Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has duly and timely filed (including all applicable extensions)
all material Tax Returns in all jurisdictions in which Tax Returns are required to be filed by it, and all such Tax Returns are true, correct, and complete in
all material respects. All material Taxes of the Company and its Subsidiaries (whether or not shown on any Tax Returns) that are due have been fully
and timely paid. No written claim has ever been made by an authority in a jurisdiction where the Company or any of its Subsidiaries does not file Tax
Returns that it is or may be subject to taxation by that jurisdiction for which a material tax would be expected to be due. Each of the Company and its
Subsidiaries has withheld and paid all material Taxes required to have been withheld and paid in connection with amounts paid or owing to any
employee, creditor, stockholder, independent contractor or other third party. The federal income Tax Returns of the Company and its Subsidiaries for all
years to and including 2013 have been examined by the Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) or are Tax Returns with respect to which the applicable
period for assessment under applicable law, after giving effect to extensions or waivers, has expired. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
has received written notice of assessment or proposed assessment in connection with any material amount of Taxes in the three (3) years period prior to
the date of this Agreement or which has not otherwise been fully resolved, and there are no threatened in writing or pending disputes, claims, audits,
examinations or other proceedings regarding any material Tax of the Company and its Subsidiaries or the assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries.
There are no Liens for material Taxes (except Taxes not yet due and payable) on any of the assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. The
Company has made available to Parent true and complete copies of any private letter ruling requests, closing agreements or gain recognition agreements
with respect to Taxes requested or executed in the six (6) year period prior to the date of this Agreement. Neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries is a party to or is bound by any Tax sharing, allocation or indemnification agreement or arrangement (other than such an agreement or
arrangement exclusively between or among the Company and its Subsidiaries). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries (A) has been a member
of an affiliated group filing a consolidated federal income Tax Return (other than a group the common parent of which was the Company) or (B) has any
liability for the Taxes of any person (other than the Company or any of its Subsidiaries) under Treasury Regulation Section 1.1502-6 (or any similar
 

A-15



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 167/219

Table of Contents

provision of state, local or foreign law), as a transferee or successor, by contract or otherwise. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has been,
within the past two (2) years or otherwise as part of a “plan (or series of related transactions)” within the meaning of Section 355(e) of the Code of
which the Merger is also a part, a “distributing corporation” or a “controlled corporation” (within the meaning of Section 355(a)(1)(A) of the Code) in a
distribution of stock intending to qualify for tax-free treatment under Section 355 of the Code. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has
participated in a “listed transaction” within the meaning of Treasury Regulation section 1.6011-4(b)(2). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
will be required, as a result of any change in accounting method for a Tax period beginning on or before the Closing Date, to include any material
adjustment under Section 481(c) of the Code (or any similar provision of state, local, or foreign Law) in taxable income for any taxable period beginning
on or after the Closing Date. At no time during the past five (5) years has the Company been a United States real property holding corporation within the
meaning of Section 897(c)(2) of the Code.

(b)    As used in this Agreement, the term “Tax” or “Taxes” means all federal, state, local, and foreign income, excise, gross receipts, ad
valorem, profits, gains, property, capital, sales, transfer, use, license, payroll, employment, social security, severance, unemployment, withholding,
duties, excise, windfall profits, intangibles, franchise, backup withholding, value added, alternative or add-on minimum, estimated and other taxes,
charges, levies or like assessments, in each case in the nature of a tax, together with all penalties and additions to tax and interest thereon.

(c)    As used in this Agreement, the term “Tax Return” means any return, declaration, report, claim for refund, or information return or
statement relating to Taxes, including any schedule or attachment thereto, and including any amendment thereof, supplied or required to be supplied to a
Governmental Entity.

3.11    Employees and Employee Benefit Plans. (a) Section 3.11(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule lists all material Company Benefit
Plans. For purposes of this Agreement, “Company Benefit Plans” means all employee benefit plans (as defined in Section 3(3) of the Employee
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”)), whether or not subject to ERISA, and all equity-based compensation, incentive,
deferred compensation, retiree medical or life insurance, supplemental retirement, employee loan, fringe benefit, retention, bonus, employment,
termination or severance plans, programs, agreements or arrangements that are maintained, contributed to or sponsored by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries for the benefit of any current or former employee, officer, individual independent contractor or director of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries.

(b)    The Company has made available to Parent true and complete copies of (i) each Company Benefit Plan indicated on Section 3.11(a) of
the Company Disclosure Schedule and (ii) to the extent applicable (A) the most recent summary plan description, if any, required under ERISA with
respect to such Company Benefit Plan, (B) the most recent annual report (Form 5500), if any, filed with the IRS, (C) the most recently received IRS
determination letter, if any, relating to such Company Benefit Plan and (D) the most recently prepared actuarial report for each Company Benefit Plan (if
applicable). Any Company Benefit Plan not made available prior to the date hereof (as indicated on Section 3.11(a) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule), together with any of the applicable ancillary documents described above, will be made available within 30 days of the date hereof.

(c)    Except as would not, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in any material liability to the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries (i) each Company Benefit Plan has been established, operated and administered in accordance with its terms and the
requirements of all applicable laws, including ERISA and the Code and (ii) there are no pending or threatened claims (other than claims for benefits in
the ordinary course), lawsuits or arbitrations that have been asserted or instituted, and, to the knowledge of the Company, no set of circumstances exists
that would reasonably be expected to give rise to a claim or lawsuit, against the Company Benefit Plans, any fiduciaries thereof with respect to their
duties to the Company Benefit Plans or the assets of any of the trusts under any of the Company Benefit Plans.
 

A-16



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 168/219

Table of Contents

(d)    Section 3.11(d) of the Company Disclosure Schedule identifies each Company Benefit Plan that is intended to be qualified under
Section 401(a) of the Code (the “Company Qualified Plans”). The IRS has issued a favorable determination letter with respect to each Company
Qualified Plan and the related trust, and, to the knowledge of the Company, there are no existing circumstances and no events have occurred that would
reasonably be expected to adversely affect the qualified status of any Company Qualified Plan or the related trust.

(e)     Except as provided in Section 3.11(e) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, neither the Company nor any ERISA Affiliate of the
Company (i) has an “obligation to contribute” (as defined in ERISA Section 4212) to a Company Employee Plan that is a “multiemployer plan” (as
defined in ERISA Sections 4001(a)(3) and 3(37)(A)) (a “Multiemployer Plan”) or (ii) sponsors, maintains or contributes to any plan, program or
arrangement that provides for post-retirement or other post-employment welfare benefits (other than health care continuation coverage as required by
applicable law). With respect to any Multiemployer Plan, (i) none of the Company, its Subsidiaries nor any ERISA Affiliate thereof has incurred any
withdrawal liability under Title IV of ERISA which remains unsatisfied or to the knowledge of the Company would be subject to such liability if, as of
the date hereof, the Company, its Subsidiaries or any ERISA Affiliate thereof were to engage in a complete withdrawal (as defined in Section 4203 of
ERISA) or a partial withdrawal (as defined in Section 4205 of ERISA) from any Multiemployer Plan which could reasonably be expected to result in
material liability to the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, and (ii) to the knowledge of the Company, no Multiemployer Plan is insolvent
(as defined in Sections 4245 of ERISA). Neither the Company nor any ERISA Affiliate has in the preceding six years (i) maintained, established,
sponsored, participated in, or contributed to any defined benefit plan (as defined in ERISA Section 3(35)) subject to Part 3 of Subtitle B of Title I of
ERISA, Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code or (ii) incurred any liability under Title IV of ERISA that has not been satisfied in full and no
condition exists that can cause the Company or any ERISA Affiliate to incur a liability thereunder. For purposes of this Agreement, “ERISA Affiliate”
means, with respect to any entity, trade or business, any other entity, trade or business that is, or was at the relevant time, a member of a group described
in Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code or Section 4001(b)(1) of ERISA that includes or included the first entity, trade or business, or that is, or
was at the relevant time, a member of the same “controlled group” as the first entity, trade or business pursuant to Section 4001(a)(14) of ERISA.

(f)    Except as provided in this Agreement or in Section 3.11(f) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement will not, either alone or together with any other event: (i) entitle any employee, director or independent contractor to
any payment or benefit, including any bonus, retention, severance, retirement or job security payment or benefit, (ii) accelerate the time of payment or
vesting or trigger any payment or funding (through a grantor trust or otherwise) of compensation or benefits under, or increase the amount payable or
trigger any other material obligation under, any Company Benefit Plan or (iii) give rise to the payment of any amount under any Company Benefit Plan
that would not be deductible pursuant to the terms of Section 280G of the Code. Section 3.11(f) of the Company Disclosure Schedule identifies any
plan, program, agreement or arrangement that provides for the gross-up or reimbursement of Taxes imposed under Section 4999 of the Code (or any
corresponding provisions of state or local law relating to Tax).

(g)    Except as would not reasonably be expected to be, either individually or in the aggregate, material to the Company and its Subsidiaries
taken as a whole, there are no pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened labor grievances or unfair labor practice claims or charges
against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any strikes or other labor disputes against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. Except as provided
in Section 3.11(g) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is party to or bound by any collective
bargaining or similar agreement with any labor organization, or work rules or practices agreed to with any labor organization or employee association
applicable to employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of the Company, there are no organizing efforts by any union
or other group seeking to represent any employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

3.12    Compliance with Applicable Law. (a) The Company and each of its Subsidiaries hold, and have at all times since January 1, 2015,
held, all licenses, franchises, permits and authorizations necessary for the
 

A-17



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 169/219

Table of Contents

lawful conduct of their respective businesses and ownership of their respective properties, rights and assets under and pursuant to each (and have paid all
fees and assessments due and payable in connection therewith), except where neither the cost of failure to hold nor the cost of obtaining and holding
such license, franchise, permit or authorization (nor the failure to pay any fees or assessments) would, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company, and, to the knowledge of the Company, no suspension or cancellation of any such
necessary license, franchise, permit or authorization is threatened. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries have since January 1, 2015 complied in all
material respects with and are not in material default or violation under any applicable law, statute, order, rule, regulation, policy and/or guideline of any
Governmental Entity relating to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, including (to the extent applicable to the Company or its Subsidiaries) all laws
related to data protection or privacy, the USA PATRIOT Act, the Bank Secrecy Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and Regulation B, the Fair
Housing Act, the Community Reinvestment Act of 1977 (the “CRA”), the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Truth in Lending Act and Regulation Z, the
Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, the Electronic Fund Transfer Act, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and
Consumer Protection Act, any regulations promulgated by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the
Interagency Policy Statement on Retail Sales of Nondeposit Investment Products, the SAFE Mortgage Licensing Act of 2008, the Real Estate Settlement
Procedures Act and Regulation X, and any other law relating to bank secrecy, discriminatory lending, financing or leasing practices, money laundering
prevention, Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and all agency requirements relating to the origination, sale and
servicing of mortgage and consumer loans. The Company and its Subsidiaries are, and since January 1, 2015 have been, conducting operations at all
times in compliance in all material respects with applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements of all money laundering laws
administered or enforced by any Governmental Entity in jurisdictions where the Company and its Subsidiaries conduct business. The Company and its
Subsidiaries have established and maintain a system of internal controls designed to ensure compliance by the Company and its Subsidiaries with
applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements of the AntiMoney Laundering Laws. Company Bank is in compliance in all material
respects with the applicable provisions of the CRA and has received a CRA rating of “satisfactory” or better in its most recently completed exam.

(b)    The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has properly administered in all material respects all accounts for which it acts as a
fiduciary, including accounts for which it serves as a trustee, agent, custodian, personal representative, guardian, conservator or investment advisor, in
accordance with the terms of the governing documents and applicable law. None of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any director, officer or
employee of the Company or of any of its Subsidiaries, has committed any material breach of trust or fiduciary duty with respect to any such fiduciary
account, and the accountings for each such fiduciary account are true and correct in all material respects and accurately reflect the assets of such
fiduciary account.

3.13    Certain Contracts. (a) Except for those agreements and other documents filed as exhibits or incorporated by reference to the
Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017 or a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or Current Report on Form
8-K subsequent thereto, or as set forth in Section 3.13(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, as of the date of this Agreement, neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to or bound by any contract, arrangement, commitment or understanding (whether written or oral) (i) which is a
“material contract” (as such term is defined in Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K of the SEC), (ii) which contains a non-compete or client or customer
non-solicit requirement or any other provision that materially restricts the conduct of any line of business by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or
upon consummation of the Merger will materially restrict the ability of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries to engage in any line of business in any
jurisdiction, (iii) with or to a labor union or guild (including any collective bargaining agreement), (iv) which, upon the execution or delivery of this
Agreement, stockholder approval of the Merger or the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will (either alone or
upon the occurrence of any additional acts or events) result in any payment (whether of severance pay or otherwise) becoming due from the Company,
Parent, the Surviving Corporation, or any of their respective Subsidiaries to any officer or employee thereof, (v) including any Company Benefit Plans,
 

A-18



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 170/219

Table of Contents

pursuant to which any of the benefits thereunder will be increased, or the vesting of the benefits will be accelerated, by the occurrence of the execution
or delivery of this Agreement, stockholder approval of the Merger or the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or
the value of any of benefits under which will be calculated on the basis of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (vi) that relates to the
incurrence of indebtedness by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or the guaranty of indebtedness of others (other than deposit liabilities, letters of
credit, trade payables, federal funds purchased, advances and loans from the Federal Home Loan Bank and securities sold under agreements to
repurchase, in each case incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, or intercompany indebtedness) in the principal amount
of $5,000,000 or more including any sale and leaseback transactions, capitalized leases and other similar financing transactions, (vii) that grants any
right of first refusal, right of first offer or similar right with respect to any assets, rights or properties that are material to the Company or its Subsidiaries,
taken as a whole, (other than any such contracts which are terminable by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries on sixty (60) days or less notice without
any required payment or other conditions, other than the condition of notice, (viii) that involves the payment by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
of more than $2,000,000 per annum (other than any such contracts which are terminable by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries on sixty (60) days or
less notice without any required payment or other conditions, other than the condition of notice), other than ISDA, master repurchase, mortgage
servicing rights purchase and master repurchase contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business, (ix) that is a consulting agreement, data
processing, software programming or licensing contract, involving the payment of more than $10,000,000 over the remaining term of the agreement
(other than any such contracts which are terminable by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries on sixty (60) days or less notice without any required
payment or other conditions, other than the condition of notice), (x) that imposes a material economic obligation on the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries to conduct business with a third party on an exclusive or preferential basis, (xi) any merger agreement, asset purchase agreement, stock
purchase agreement or similar agreement that has indemnification, earn-out or other obligations that continue after the date of this Agreement that are
material to the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (xii) that provides for contractual indemnification to any director, officer or employee.
Each contract, arrangement, commitment or understanding of the type described in this Section 3.13(a) (excluding any Company Benefit Plan), whether
or not filed with the SEC or set forth in the Company Disclosure Schedule, is referred to herein as a “Company Contract”.

(b)    In each case, except as, either individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on
the Company, (i) each Company Contract is valid and binding on the Company or one of its Subsidiaries, as applicable, and in full force and effect,
(ii) the Company and each of its Subsidiaries has performed all obligations required to be performed by it prior to the date hereof under each Company
Contract, (iii) to the knowledge of the Company each third-party counterparty to each Company Contract has performed all obligations required to be
performed by it to date under such Company Contract, and (iv) no event or condition exists which constitutes or, after notice or lapse of time or both,
will constitute, a default on the part of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries under any such Company Contract.

3.14    Agreements with Regulatory Agencies. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to any cease-and-desist or other
order or enforcement action issued by, or is a party to any written agreement, consent agreement or memorandum of understanding with, or is a party to
any commitment letter or similar undertaking to, or is subject to any order or directive by, or has been ordered to pay any civil money penalty by, or has
been since January 1, 2015, a recipient of any supervisory letter from, or since January 1, 2015, has adopted any policies, procedures or board
resolutions at the request or suggestion of any Regulatory Agency or other Governmental Entity that currently restricts in any material respect the
conduct of its business or that in any material manner relates to its capital adequacy, its ability to pay dividends, its credit or risk management policies,
its management or its business (each, whether or not set forth in the Company Disclosure Schedule, a “Company Regulatory Agreement”), nor has the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries been advised in writing or, to the knowledge of the Company, orally since January 1, 2015, by any Regulatory
Agency or other Governmental Entity that it is considering issuing, initiating, ordering or requesting any such Company Regulatory Agreement.
 

A-19



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 171/219

Table of Contents

3.15    Risk Management Instruments. Except as would not reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a
Material Adverse Effect on the Company, all interest rate swaps, caps, floors, option agreements, futures and forward contracts and other similar
derivative transactions and risk management arrangements, whether entered into for the account of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or for the
account of a customer of the Company or one of its Subsidiaries, were entered into in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and in
accordance with prudent business practices and applicable rules, regulations and policies of any Regulatory Agency and with counterparties believed to
be financially responsible at the time and are legal, valid and binding obligations of the Company or one of its Subsidiaries enforceable in accordance
with their terms (except as may be limited by the Enforceability Exceptions), and are in full force and effect. The financial position of the Company and
its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis under any such derivative transaction has been reflected in the books and records of the Company and its
Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP consistently applied. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries have duly performed in all respects all of their
material obligations thereunder to the extent that such obligations to perform have accrued, and, to the knowledge of the Company, there are no material
breaches, violations or defaults or allegations or assertions of such by any party thereunder.

3.16    Environmental Matters. Except as would not reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material
Adverse Effect on the Company, the Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance, and have complied since January 1, 2015, with any federal, state
or local law, regulation, order, decree, permit, authorization, common law or agency requirement relating to: (a) the protection or restoration of the
environment, health and safety as it relates to hazardous substance exposure or natural resource damages, (b) the handling, use, presence, disposal,
release or threatened release of, or exposure to, any hazardous substance, or (c) noise, odor, wetlands, indoor air, pollution, contamination or any injury
to persons or property from exposure to any hazardous substance (collectively, “Environmental Laws”). There are no legal, administrative, arbitral or
other proceedings, claims or actions, or to the knowledge of Company any private environmental investigations or remediation activities or
governmental investigations of any nature, seeking to impose, or that could reasonably be expected to result in the imposition, on the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries of any liability or obligation arising under any Environmental Law, pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against the
Company, which liability or obligation would reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on the
Company. To the knowledge of the Company, there is no reasonable basis for any such proceeding, claim, action or governmental investigation that
would impose any liability or obligation that would reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on
the Company. The Company is not subject to any agreement, order, judgment, decree, letter agreement or memorandum of agreement by or with any
court, Governmental Entity or regulatory agency imposing any liability or obligation with respect to any Environmental Law that would reasonably be
likely to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on the Company. Notwithstanding any other representation or warranty
in this Article III, the representations and warranties in this Section 3.16 constitute the sole representations and warranties of the Company concerning
any matters relating to any Environmental Law.

3.17    Investment Securities and Commodities. (a) Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has good title in all material respects to all
securities and commodities owned by it (except those sold under repurchase agreements or held in any fiduciary or agency capacity), free and clear of
any Lien, except as set forth in the financial statements included in the Company Reports or to the extent such securities or commodities are pledged in
the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice to secure obligations of the Company or its Subsidiaries. Such securities and commodities
are valued on the books of the Company in accordance with GAAP consistently applied.

(b)    The Company and its Subsidiaries and their respective businesses employ investment, securities, commodities, risk management and
other policies, practices and procedures that the Company believes are prudent and reasonable in the context of such businesses as currently conducted,
and the Company and its
 

A-20



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 172/219

Table of Contents

Subsidiaries have, since January 1, 2015, been in compliance with such policies, practices and procedures in all material respects.

3.18    Real Property. Except as would not reasonably be expected, either individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect
on the Company, (a) the Company or a Company Subsidiary has good and marketable title to all the real property reflected in the latest audited balance
sheet included in the Company Reports as being owned by the Company or a Company Subsidiary or acquired after the date thereof (except properties
sold or otherwise disposed of since the date thereof in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice) (the “Company Owned Properties”),
free and clear of all Liens, except (i) statutory Liens securing payments not yet due, (ii) Liens for real property Taxes not yet due and payable, (iii)
easements, rights of way, and other similar encumbrances that do not materially affect the value or use of the properties or assets subject thereto or
affected thereby or otherwise materially impair business operations at such properties and (iv) such imperfections or irregularities of title or Liens as do
not materially affect the value or use of the properties or assets subject thereto or affected thereby or otherwise materially impair business operations at
such properties (clauses (i) through (iv), collectively, “Permitted Encumbrances”), and (b) is the lessee of all leasehold estates reflected in the latest
audited financial statements included in such the Company Reports or acquired after the date thereof (except for leases that have expired by their terms
since the date thereof) (collectively with the Company Owned Properties, the “Company Real Property”), free and clear of all Liens of any nature
whatsoever, except for Permitted Encumbrances, and is in possession of the properties purported to be leased thereunder, and each such lease is valid
without default thereunder by the lessee or, to the knowledge of the Company, the lessor. There are no pending or, to the knowledge of the Company,
threatened condemnation proceedings against the Company Real Property that are material to the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole. The
company has previously made available to Parent a complete list of all Company Real Property as of the date of this Agreement.

3.19    Intellectual Property. Except as would not reasonably be expected, either individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse
Effect on the Company, (a) the Company and each of its Subsidiaries owns, or is licensed to use (in each case, free and clear of any Liens other than
Permitted Encumbrances), all Intellectual Property necessary for the conduct of its business as currently conducted, (b) (i) the use of any Intellectual
Property by the Company and its Subsidiaries does not infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate the rights of any person and is in accordance with
any applicable license pursuant to which the Company or any Company Subsidiary acquired the right to use such Intellectual Property, and (ii) no
person has asserted, whether orally or writing, to the Company that the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has infringed, misappropriated or otherwise
violated the Intellectual Property rights of such person, (c) no person is challenging or, to the knowledge of the Company, infringing on or otherwise
violating, any right of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to any Intellectual Property owned by the Company or its Subsidiaries, (d)
neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary has received any notice of any pending claim with respect to any Intellectual Property owned by the
Company or any Company Subsidiary and (e) to the knowledge of the Company, since January 1, 2015, no third party has gained unauthorized access to
any information technology networks controlled by and material to the operation of the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries. For purposes of
this Agreement, “Intellectual Property” means trademarks, service marks, brand names, internet domain names, logos, symbols, certification marks,
trade dress and other indications of origin, the goodwill associated with the foregoing and registrations in any jurisdiction of, and applications in any
jurisdiction to register, the foregoing, including any extension, modification or renewal of any such registration or application; patents, applications for
patents (including divisions, continuations, continuations in part and renewal applications), all improvements thereto, and any re-examinations,
renewals, extensions or reissues thereof, in any jurisdiction; trade secrets; and copyrights registrations or applications for registration of copyrights in
any jurisdiction, and any renewals or extensions thereof.

3.20    Related Party Transactions. There are no transactions or series of related transactions, agreements, arrangements or understandings,
nor are there any currently proposed transactions or series of related transactions, between the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and
any current or former
 

A-21



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 173/219

Table of Contents

director or “executive officer” (as defined in Rule 3b-7 under the Exchange Act) of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any person who
beneficially owns (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 of the Exchange Act) 5% or more of the outstanding Company Common Stock (or any of such
person’s immediate family members or affiliates) (other than Subsidiaries of the Company) on the other hand, of the type required to be reported in any
Company Report pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Exchange Act, which have not been so reported on a timely basis.

3.21    State Takeover Laws. The Board of Directors of the Company has approved this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby
as required to render inapplicable to such agreements and transactions any “moratorium,” “control share acquisition,” “fair price,” “business
combination” or other anti-takeover law (any such laws, “Takeover Statutes”).

3.22    Reorganization. The Company has not taken any action and is not aware of any fact or circumstance that could reasonably be
expected to prevent the Merger from qualifying as a “reorganization” within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code.

3.23    Opinion. Prior to the execution of this Agreement, the Board of Directors of the Company has received an opinion (which, if initially
rendered orally, has been or will be confirmed by a written opinion, dated the same date) of Sandler O’Neill & Partners, L.P. to the effect that, as of the
date of such opinion, and based upon and subject to the factors, assumptions, and limitations set forth therein, the Merger Consideration is fair from a
financial point of view to the holders of Company Common Stock. Such opinion has not been amended or rescinded as of the date of this Agreement.

3.24    Company Information. The information relating to the Company and its Subsidiaries which is provided by the Company or its
representatives specifically for inclusion in (a) the Proxy Statement, on the date it (or any amendment or supplement thereto) is first mailed to holders of
the Company Common Stock and the Company Preferred Stock at the time of the Company Meeting, (b) the S-4, when it or any amendment thereto
becomes effective under the Securities Act, (c) the documents and financial statements of the Company incorporated by reference in the Proxy
statement, the S-4 or any amendment or supplement thereto, or (d) any other document filed with any other Regulatory Agency in connection herewith,
will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances in which they are made, not misleading. The portions of the Proxy Statement relating to the Company and its Subsidiaries will comply in
all material respects with the provisions of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no representation
or warranty is made by the Company with respect to statements made or incorporated by reference therein based on information provided or supplied by
or on behalf of Parent or its Subsidiaries for inclusion in the Proxy Statement or the S-4.

3.25    Loan Portfolio. (a) As of the date hereof, except as set forth in Section 3.25(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, neither the
Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any written or oral (i) loan, loan agreement, note or borrowing arrangement (including leases, credit
enhancements, commitments, guarantees and interest-bearing assets) (collectively, “Loans”) in which the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company is
a creditor which as of March 31, 2018, had an outstanding balance of $10,000,000 or more and under the terms of which the obligor was, as of March
31, 2018, over ninety (90) days or more delinquent in payment of principal or interest, or (ii) Loans with any director or executive officer of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or to the knowledge of the Company, any affiliate of any of the foregoing (other than the Company and its
Subsidiaries). Set forth in Section 3.25(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule is a true, correct and complete list of all of the Loans of the Company
and its Subsidiaries that, as of March 31, 2018, were classified by the Company as “Special Mention,” “Substandard,” “Doubtful,” or “Loss,” or words
of similar import, together with the principal amount of and accrued and unpaid interest on each such Loan and the identity of the borrower thereunder,
together with the aggregate principal amount of and accrued and unpaid interest on such Loans.
 

A-22



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 174/219

Table of Contents

(b)    Except as would not reasonably be expected, either individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect on the
Company, each Loan of the Company and its Subsidiaries (i) is evidenced by notes, agreements or other evidences of indebtedness that are true, genuine
and what they purport to be, (ii) to the extent carried on the books and records of the Company and its Subsidiaries as secured Loans, has been secured
by valid charges, mortgages, pledges, security interests, restrictions, claims, liens or encumbrances, as applicable, which have been perfected, except as
may be limited by the Enforceability Exceptions and (iii) to the knowledge of the Company, is the legal, valid and binding obligation of the obligor
named therein, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to the Enforceability Exceptions.

(c)    Except as would not reasonably be expected, either individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect on the
Company, each outstanding Loan of the Company and its Subsidiaries (including Loans held for resale to investors) was solicited and originated, and is
and has been administered and, where applicable, serviced, and the relevant Loan files are being maintained, in accordance with the relevant notes or
other credit or security documents, the written underwriting standards of the Company and its Subsidiaries (and, in the case of Loans held for resale to
investors, the underwriting standards, if any, of the applicable investors) and with all applicable federal, state and local laws, regulations and rules.

(d)    Except as set forth in Section 3.25(d) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, none of the agreements pursuant to which the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries has sold Loans or pools of Loans or participations in Loans or pools of Loans contains any obligation to repurchase such Loans or
interests therein solely on account of a payment default by the obligor on any such Loan (other than first payment defaults).

(e)    There are no outstanding Loans made by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any “executive officer” or other “insider” (as each
such term is defined in Regulation O promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board) of the Company or its Subsidiaries, other than Loans that are subject to
and that were made and continue to be in compliance with Regulation O or that are exempt therefrom.

(f)    Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is now nor has it ever been since January 1, 2015, subject to any material fine,
suspension, settlement or other administrative agreement or sanction by, or any reduction in any loan purchase commitment from, any Governmental
Entity or Regulatory Agency relating to the origination, sale or servicing of mortgage or consumer Loans.

3.26    Insurance. Except as would not reasonably be expected, either individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect on
the Company, the Company and its Subsidiaries are insured with reputable insurers against such risks and in such amounts as the management of the
Company reasonably has determined to be prudent and consistent with industry practice, and the Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance in all
material respects with their insurance policies and are not in default under any of the terms thereof, each such policy is outstanding and in full force and
effect and, except for policies insuring against potential liabilities of officers, directors and employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries, the
Company or the relevant Subsidiary thereof is the sole beneficiary of such policies, and all premiums and other payments due under any such policy
have been paid, and all claims thereunder have been filed in due and timely fashion.

3.27    No Other Representations or Warranties. (a) Except for the representations and warranties made by the Company in this Article III,
neither the Company nor any other person makes any express or implied representation or warranty with respect to the Company, its Subsidiaries or
their respective businesses, operations, assets, liabilities, conditions (financial or otherwise) or prospects, and the Company hereby disclaims any such
other representations or warranties. In particular, without limiting the foregoing disclaimer, neither the Company nor any other person makes or has
made any representation or warranty to Parent or any of its affiliates or representatives with respect to (i) any financial projection, forecast, estimate,
budget or prospective information relating to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, or (ii) except for the representations
and warranties made by the Company in this Article III, any oral or written information presented to Parent or any of its affiliates or representatives in
the course of their due diligence investigation of the Company, the negotiation of this Agreement or in the course of the transactions contemplated
hereby.
 

A-23



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 175/219

Table of Contents

(b)    The Company acknowledges and agrees that neither Parent nor any other person has made or is making any express or implied
representation or warranty other than those contained in Article IV. The Company has not relied on any representations and warranties of Parent other
than the representations and warranties of Parent that are expressly set forth in Article IV.

ARTICLE IV

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND INTERMEDIARY

Except (i) as disclosed in the disclosure schedule delivered by Parent to the Company concurrently herewith (the “Parent Disclosure Schedule”);
provided, that (a) no such item is required to be set forth as an exception to a representation or warranty if its absence would not result in the related
representation or warranty being deemed untrue or incorrect, (b) the mere inclusion of an item in the Parent Disclosure Schedule as an exception to a
representation or warranty shall not be deemed an admission by Parent that such item represents a material exception or fact, event or circumstance or
that such item is reasonably expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect on Parent, and (c) any disclosures made with respect to a section of this
Article IV shall be deemed to qualify (1) any other section of this Article IV specifically referenced or cross-referenced and (2) other sections of Article
IV to the extent it is reasonably apparent on its face (notwithstanding the absence of a specific cross reference) from a reading of the disclosure that such
disclosure applies to such other sections or (ii) as disclosed in any Parent Reports filed by Parent since January 1, 2015 and prior to the date hereof (but
disregarding risk factor disclosures contained under the heading “Risk Factors,” or disclosures of risks set forth in any “forward-looking statements”
disclaimer or any other statements that are similarly non-specific or cautionary, predictive or forward-looking in nature), Parent and Intermediary hereby
represent and warrant to the Company as follows:

4.1    Corporate Organization. (a) Each of Parent and Intermediary is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing
under the laws of the State of Ohio. Parent is a bank holding company duly registered under the BHC Act, which has elected to be, and qualifies as, a
financial holding company under the BHC Act. Each of Parent and Intermediary has the corporate power and authority to own or lease all of its
properties and assets and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted, and is duly licensed or qualified to do business in each jurisdiction in
which the nature of the business conducted by it or the character or location of the properties and assets owned or leased by it makes such licensing or
qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so licensed or qualified would not, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect on Parent. True and complete copies of the Parent’s Amended Articles of Incorporation (the “Parent Articles”) and
Intermediary Articles and Parent’s Code of Regulations (the “Parent Code of Regulations”) and Intermediary Code of Regulations, as in effect as of the
date of this Agreement, have previously been made available by Parent to the Company.

(b)    Each Subsidiary of Parent (a “Parent Subsidiary”) is duly organized and validly existing under the laws of its jurisdiction of
organization, is duly qualified to do business and, where such concept is recognized under applicable law, in good standing in all jurisdictions (whether
federal, state, local or foreign) where its ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of its business requires it to be so qualified and in which the
failure to be so qualified would reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Parent, and has all
requisite corporate power and authority to own or lease its properties and assets and to carry on its business as now conducted in all material respects.
There are no restrictions on the ability of any Subsidiary of Parent to pay dividends or distributions except for restrictions on dividends or distributions
under applicable law and, in the case of a Subsidiary that is a regulated entity, for restrictions on dividends or distributions generally applicable to all
such regulated entities. The deposit accounts of the Parent Bank are insured by the FDIC to the fullest extent permitted by law, all premiums and
assessments required to be paid in connection therewith have been paid when due, and no proceedings for the termination of such insurance are pending
or, to the knowledge of Parent, threatened.
 

A-24



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 176/219

Table of Contents

4.2    Capitalization. (a) The authorized capital stock of Parent consists of 2,000,000,000 shares of Parent Common Stock and 500,000
shares of preferred stock, without par value (“Parent Preferred Stock”). As of April 30, 2018, there are (i) 685,495,676 shares of Parent Common Stock
issued and outstanding, including 1,060,229 shares of Parent Common Stock granted in respect of outstanding awards of restricted Parent Common
Stock under a Parent Stock Plan (a “Parent Restricted Stock Award”), excluding 8,613,172 shares of Parent Common Stock that may become
outstanding upon the vesting of outstanding awards of restricted stock units under a Parent Stock Plan (a “Parent Restricted Stock Unit Award”), and
excluding 1,731,633 shares of Parent Common Stock that may become outstanding if the performance conditions under which such shares were granted
are subsequently achieved, (ii) 24,000 shares of 5.10% Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock Series H, without par value,
issued and outstanding, (iii) 18,000 shares of 6.625% Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock Series I, without par value,
issued and outstanding, (iv) 12,000 shares of 4.90% Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock Series J, without par value,
issued and outstanding, (v) 238,396,905 shares of Parent Common Stock held in treasury, (vi) 28,126,658 shares of Parent Common Stock reserved for
issuance upon the exercise of outstanding stock options and stock appreciation rights to purchase shares of Parent Common Stock granted under a Parent
Stock Plan (“Parent Stock Options” and, together with the Parent Restricted Stock Awards and the Parent Restricted Stock Unit Awards, the “Parent
Equity Awards”), (vii) 12,500,107 shares of Parent Common Stock reserved for issuance pursuant to future grants under the Parent Stock Plans, and
(viii) no other shares of capital stock or other voting securities of Parent issued, reserved for issuance or outstanding. Since April 30, 2018 to the date
hereof, Parent has not issued or become obligated to issue any Parent Common Stock or Parent Preferred Stock other than pursuant to outstanding
Parent Equity Awards or pursuant to awards under Parent Stock Plans previously granted. As used herein, the “Parent Stock Plans” shall mean all
employee and director equity incentive plans of Parent in effect as of the date of this Agreement and agreements for equity awards in respect of Parent
Common Stock granted by Parent under the inducement grant exception. All of the issued and outstanding shares of Parent Common Stock have been
duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid, nonassessable and free of preemptive rights. There are no bonds, debentures, notes or other
indebtedness that have the right to vote on any matters on which shareholders of Parent may vote. Other than Parent Equity Awards issued prior to the
date of this Agreement, as of the date of this Agreement there are no outstanding subscriptions, options, warrants, puts, calls, rights, exchangeable or
convertible securities or other commitments or agreements obligating Parent to issue, transfer, sell, purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, any such
securities. There are no voting trusts, shareholder agreements, proxies or other agreements in effect pursuant to which Parent or any of its Subsidiaries
has a contractual obligation with respect to the voting or transfer of the Parent Common Stock or other equity interests of Parent.

(b)    Parent owns, directly or indirectly, all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock or other equity ownership interests of each
of the Parent Significant Subsidiaries, free and clear of any Liens, and all of such shares or equity ownership interests are duly authorized and validly
issued and are fully paid, nonassessable and free of preemptive rights. No Parent Significant Subsidiary has or is bound by any outstanding
subscriptions, options, warrants, calls, rights, commitments or agreements of any character calling for the purchase or issuance of any shares of capital
stock or any other equity security of such Subsidiary or any securities representing the right to purchase or otherwise receive any shares of capital stock
or any other equity security of such Subsidiary. “Parent Significant Subsidiary” means a Subsidiary of Parent that is a “significant subsidiary” within the
meaning of Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X of the SEC.

4.3    Authority; No Violation. (a) Each of Parent and Intermediary has full corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this
Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the
Merger have been duly and validly approved by the Board of Directors of Parent and Intermediary. Except for the adoption and approval of the Bank
Merger Agreement by Parent Bank and Intermediary as its sole shareholder, and the adoption by Parent of resolutions to give effect to the provisions of
Section 6.11 in connection with the Closing, no other corporate proceedings on the part of Parent or Intermediary are necessary to approve this
Agreement or to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by Parent
 

A-25



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 177/219

Table of Contents

and Intermediary and (assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by the Company) constitutes a valid and binding obligation of Parent and
Intermediary, enforceable against Parent and Intermediary in accordance with its terms (except in all cases as such enforceability may be limited by the
Enforceability Exceptions). The shares of Parent Common Stock and the New Parent Preferred Stock to be issued in the Merger have been validly
authorized, when issued, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, and no current or past shareholder of Parent will have any preemptive right
or similar rights in respect thereof.

(b)    Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Parent and Intermediary, nor the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby, nor compliance by Parent or Intermediary with any of the terms or provisions hereof, will (i) violate any provision of the Parent
Articles or the Intermediary Articles or the Parent Code of Regulations or the Intermediary Code of Regulations (or the organizational documents of any
Subsidiary of Parent, or (ii) assuming that the consents, approvals and filings referred to in Sections 3.4 and 4.4 are duly obtained and/or made,
(x) violate any law, statute, code, ordinance, rule, regulation, judgment, order, writ, decree or injunction applicable to Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or
any of their respective properties or assets or (y) violate, conflict with, result in a breach of any provision of or the loss of any benefit under, constitute a
default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute a default) under, result in the termination of or a right of termination or
cancellation under, accelerate the performance required by, or result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the respective properties or assets of Parent
or any of its Subsidiaries under, any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, deed of trust, license, lease,
agreement or other instrument or obligation to which Parent or any of its Subsidiaries is a party, or by which they or any of their respective properties or
assets may be bound, except (in the case of clause (ii) above) for such violations, conflicts, breaches, defaults, terminations, cancellations, accelerations
or creations which, either individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Parent.

4.4    Consents and Approvals. Except for (a) the filing of applications, filings and notices, as applicable, with Nasdaq, (b) the filing of
applications, filings and notices, as applicable, with the Federal Reserve Board, the OCC and the DFI and the approval of such applications, filings and
notices, (c) the filing of any required applications, filings or notices with any other banking or other regulatory authorities listed on Section 3.4 of the
Company Disclosure Schedule or Section 4.4 of the Parent Disclosure Schedule and the approval of such applications, filings and notices, (d) the filing
of any applications, filings or notices under the HSR Act, if required, (e) the filing with the SEC of the Proxy Statement and the S-4, and declaration of
effectiveness of the S-4, (f) the filing of the Articles of Merger with the Department of Assessments and Taxation of the State of Maryland pursuant to
the MGCL and the filing of the Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Ohio pursuant to the OGCL, and the filing of the Bank
Merger Certificates, (g) if the Preferred Stockholder Matter is approved by the holders of the Company Preferred Stock, the filing with the Ohio
Secretary of State of such amendments to the Parent Articles as are required to fix the terms of the New Parent Preferred Stock substantially in the form
set forth in Exhibit A (such amendment, the “Parent Charter Amendment”) and (h) such filings and approvals as are required to be made or obtained
under the securities or “Blue Sky” laws of various states in connection with the issuance of the shares of Parent Common Stock and New Parent
Preferred Stock (or depositary shares in respect thereof) pursuant to this Agreement and the approval of the listing of such Parent Common Stock and
New Parent Preferred Stock (or depositary shares in respect thereof) on Nasdaq, no consents or approvals of or filings or registrations with any
Governmental Entity are necessary in connection with (i) the execution and delivery by Parent and Intermediary of this Agreement or (ii) the
consummation by Parent and Intermediary of the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby (including the Bank Merger). As of the date
hereof, neither Parent nor Intermediary is aware of any reason why the necessary regulatory approvals and consents will not be received in order to
permit consummation of the Merger and Bank Merger on a timely basis. No vote or other approval of the shareholders or any other securityholders of
Parent is required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement or to consummate the transactions contemplated hereof
(including the issuance of Parent Common Stock and New Parent Preferred Stock) in accordance with the terms hereof, whether by reason of applicable
law, the organizational documents of Parent, the rules or requirements of any exchange, or otherwise.
 

A-26



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 178/219

Table of Contents

4.5    Reports. (a) Parent and each of its Subsidiaries have timely filed or furnished, as applicable, all reports, registrations and statements,
together with any amendments required to be made with respect thereto, that they were required to file or furnish, as applicable, since January 1, 2015
with any Regulatory Agencies, including any report, registration or statement required to be filed or furnished, as applicable, pursuant to the laws, rules
or regulations of the United States, any state, any foreign entity, or any Regulatory Agency, and have paid all fees and assessments due and payable in
connection therewith, except where the failure to file such report, registration or statement or to pay such fees and assessments, either individually or in
the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Parent. Except for normal examinations conducted by a
Regulatory Agency in the ordinary course of business of Parent and its Subsidiaries, (i) no Regulatory Agency has initiated or has pending any
proceeding or, to the knowledge of Parent, investigation into the business or operations of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries since January 1, 2015, and
(ii) there is no unresolved violation, criticism, or exception by any Regulatory Agency with respect to any report or statement relating to any
examinations or inspections of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, in each case of clauses (i) and (ii), which would reasonably be expected to have, either
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Parent.

(b)    An accurate and complete copy of each final registration statement, prospectus, report, schedule and definitive proxy statement filed
with or furnished to the SEC by Parent or any of its Subsidiaries since January 1, 2015 pursuant to the Securities Act or the Exchange Act (the “Parent
Reports”) is publicly available. No such Parent Report as of the date thereof (and, in the case of registration statements and proxy statements, on the
dates of effectiveness and the dates of the relevant meetings, respectively), contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state any
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances in which they were made,
not misleading, except that information filed or furnished as of a later date (but before the date of this Agreement) shall be deemed to modify
information as of an earlier date. Since January 1, 2015, as of their respective dates, all Parent Reports filed or furnished under the Securities Act and the
Exchange Act complied in all material respects with the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto. As of the date of this
Agreement, no executive officer of Parent has failed in any respect to make the certifications required of him or her under Section 302 or 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act. As of the date of this Agreement, there are no outstanding comments from or material unresolved issues raised by the SEC with
respect to any of the Parent Reports.

4.6    Financial Statements. (a) The financial statements of Parent and its Subsidiaries included (or incorporated by reference) in the Parent
Reports (including the related notes, where applicable) (i) have been prepared from, and are in accordance with, the books and records of Parent and its
Subsidiaries, (ii) fairly present in all material respects the consolidated results of operations, cash flows, changes in shareholders’ equity and
consolidated financial position of Parent and its Subsidiaries for the respective fiscal periods or as of the respective dates therein set forth (subject in the
case of unaudited statements to year-end audit adjustments normal in nature and amount), (iii) complied, as of their respective dates of filing with the
SEC, in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and with the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto and
(iv) have been prepared in all material respects in accordance with GAAP consistently applied during the periods involved, except, in each case, as
indicated in such statements or in the notes thereto. The books and records of Parent and its Subsidiaries have been, since January 1, 2015, and are
being, maintained in all material respects in accordance with GAAP and any other applicable legal and accounting requirements and reflect only actual
transactions. Deloitte & Touche LLP has not resigned (or informed Parent that it intends to resign) or been dismissed as independent public accountants
of Parent as a result of or in connection with any disagreements with Parent on a matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement
disclosure or auditing scope or procedure.

(b)    Except as would not reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Parent,
neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries has any liability (whether absolute, accrued, contingent or otherwise and whether due or to become due) of any
nature whatsoever, except for those liabilities that are reflected or reserved against on the consolidated balance sheet of Parent included in its
 

A-27



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 179/219

Table of Contents

Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2018 (including any notes thereto), and for liabilities incurred in the ordinary
course of business consistent with past practice since March 31, 2018, or in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby.

(c)    The records, systems, controls, data and information of Parent and its Subsidiaries are recorded, stored, maintained and operated under
means (including any electronic, mechanical or photographic process, whether computerized or not) that are under the exclusive ownership and direct
control of Parent or its Subsidiaries or accountants (including all means of access thereto and therefrom), except for any non-exclusive ownership and
non-direct control that, either individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Parent. Parent
(x) has implemented and maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act) to ensure that material
information relating to Parent, including its Subsidiaries, is made known to the chief executive officer and the chief financial officer of Parent by others
within those entities as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures and to make the certifications required by the Exchange Act
and Sections 302 and 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and (y) has reported, based on its most recent evaluation prior to the date hereof, to Parent’s
outside auditors and the audit committee of Parent’s Board of Directors (i) any significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
operation of internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act) which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
Parent’s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information, and (ii) any fraud, to the extent known to Parent, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in Parent’s internal controls over financial reporting. To the knowledge of
Parent, there is no reason to believe that Parent’s outside auditors and its chief executive officer and chief financial officer will not be able to give the
certifications and attestations required pursuant to the rules and regulations adopted pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, without
qualification, when next due.

(d)    Since January 1, 2015, (i) neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor, to the knowledge of Parent, any director, officer, auditor,
accountant or representative of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, has received or otherwise had or obtained knowledge of any material complaint,
allegation, assertion or claim, whether written or oral, regarding the accounting or auditing practices, procedures, methodologies or methods (including
with respect to loan loss reserves, write-downs, charge-offs and accruals) of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or their respective internal accounting
controls, including any material complaint, allegation, assertion or claim, whether written or oral, that Parent or any of its Subsidiaries has engaged in
questionable accounting or auditing practices, and (ii) no attorney representing Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, whether or not employed by Parent or
any of its Subsidiaries, has reported evidence of a material violation of securities laws, breach of fiduciary duty or similar violation by Parent or any of
its officers, directors, employees or agents to the Board of Directors of Parent or any committee thereof or to the knowledge of Parent, to any director or
officer of Parent.

4.7    Broker’s Fees. With the exception of the engagement of Citigroup Global Markets Inc., neither Parent nor any Parent Subsidiary nor
any of their respective officers or directors has employed any broker, finder or financial advisor or incurred any liability for any broker’s fees,
commissions or finder’s fees in connection with the Merger or related transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

4.8    Absence of Certain Changes or Events. (a) Since December 31, 2017, no event or events have occurred that have had or would
reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Parent.

(b)    Except for the negotiations of this Agreement, the transactions contemplated hereby or as set forth on Section 4.8 of the Parent
Disclosure Schedule, since December 31, 2017, Parent and its Subsidiaries have carried on their respective businesses in all material respects in the
ordinary course.

4.9    Legal Proceedings. (a) Except as would not reasonably be expected, either individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse
Effect on Parent, neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to
 

A-28



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 180/219

Table of Contents

any, and there are no pending or, to the knowledge of Parent, threatened, legal, administrative, arbitral or other proceedings, claims, actions or
governmental or regulatory investigations of any nature against Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their current directors or executive officers in
their capacities as such or challenging the validity or propriety of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(b)    There is no injunction, order, judgment, decree, or regulatory restriction imposed upon Parent, any of its Subsidiaries or the assets of
Parent or any of its Subsidiaries that is material to Parent and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

4.10    Taxes and Tax Returns. Each of Parent and its Subsidiaries has duly and timely filed (including all applicable extensions) all material
Tax Returns in all jurisdictions in which Tax Returns are required to be filed by it, and all such Tax Returns are true, correct, and complete in all material
respects. No written claim has ever been made by an authority in a jurisdiction where the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries does not file Tax Returns that
it is or may be subject to taxation by that jurisdiction for which a material tax would be expected to be due. All material Taxes of Parent and its
Subsidiaries (whether or not shown on any Tax Returns) that are due have been fully and timely paid. Each of Parent and its Subsidiaries has withheld
and paid all material taxes required to have been withheld and paid in connection with amounts paid or owing to any employee, creditor, shareholder,
independent contractor or other third party. The federal income Tax Returns of Parent and its Subsidiaries for all years to and including 2013 have been
examined by the IRS or are Tax Returns with respect to which the applicable period for assessment under applicable law, after giving effect to
extensions or waivers, has expired. Neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries has received written notice of assessment or proposed assessment in
connection with any material amount of Taxes in the three (3) years period prior to the date of this Agreement or which has not otherwise been fully
resolved, and there are no threatened in writing or pending disputes, claims, audits, examinations or other proceedings regarding any material Tax of
Parent and its Subsidiaries or the assets of Parent and its Subsidiaries. There are no Liens for material Taxes (except Taxes not yet due and payable) on
any of the assets of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries. Parent has made available to the Company true and complete copies of any private letter ruling
requests, closing agreements or gain recognition agreements with respect to Taxes requested or executed in the last six (6) years. Neither Parent nor any
of its Subsidiaries is a party to or is bound by any Tax sharing, allocation or indemnification agreement or arrangement (other than such an agreement or
arrangement exclusively between or among Parent and its Subsidiaries). Neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries (A) has been a member of an
affiliated group filing a consolidated federal income Tax Return (other than a group the common parent of which was Parent) or (B) has any liability for
the Taxes of any person (other than Parent or any of its Subsidiaries) under Treasury Regulation Section 1.1502-6 (or any similar provision of state, local
or foreign law), as a transferee or successor, by contract or otherwise. Neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries has been, within the past two (2) years
or otherwise as part of a “plan (or series of related transactions)” within the meaning of Section 355(e) of the Code of which the Merger is also a part, a
“distributing corporation” or a “controlled corporation” (within the meaning of Section 355(a)(1)(A) of the Code) in a distribution of stock intending to
qualify for tax-free treatment under Section 355 of the Code. Neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries has participated in a “listed transaction” within
the meaning of Treasury Regulation section 1.6011-4(b)(2). Neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries will be required, as a result of any change in
accounting method for a Tax period beginning on or before the Closing Date, to include any material adjustment under Section 481(c) of the Code (or
any similar provision of state, local, or foreign Law) in taxable income for any taxable period beginning on or after the Closing Date. At no time during
the past five (5) years has Parent been a United States real property holding corporation within the meaning of Section 897(c)(2) of the Code.

4.11    Compliance with Applicable Law. (a) Parent and each of its Subsidiaries hold, and have at all times since January 1, 2015, held, all
licenses, franchises, permits and authorizations necessary for the lawful conduct of their respective businesses and ownership of their respective
properties, rights and assets under and pursuant to each (and have paid all fees and assessments due and payable in connection therewith), except where
neither the cost of failure to hold nor the cost of obtaining and holding such license, franchise, permit or authorization (nor the failure to pay any fees or
assessments) would, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Parent, and, to the knowledge
of Parent, no
 

A-29



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 181/219

Table of Contents

suspension or cancellation of any such necessary license, franchise, permit or authorization is threatened. Parent and each of its Subsidiaries have
complied in all material respects with and are not in material default or violation under any, applicable law, statute, order, rule, regulation, policy and/or
guideline of any Governmental Entity relating to Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, except as would not reasonably be expected to have, either
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Parent. Parent and its Subsidiaries are, and since January 1, 2015 have been, conducting
operations in compliance in all material respects with applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements of all money laundering laws
administered or enforced by any Governmental Entity in jurisdictions where Parent and its Subsidiaries conduct business. Parent and its Subsidiaries
have established and maintain a system of internal controls designed to ensure compliance by Parent and its Subsidiaries with applicable financial
recordkeeping and report requirements of the AntiMoney Laundering Laws. Parent Bank has a CRA rating of “satisfactory” or better in its most recently
completed exam.

(b)    Parent and each of its Subsidiaries has properly administered in all material respects all accounts for which it acts as a fiduciary,
including accounts for which it serves as a trustee, agent, custodian, personal representative, guardian, conservator or investment advisor, in accordance
with the terms of the governing documents and applicable law. None of Parent, any of its Subsidiaries, or any director, officer or employee of Parent or
of any of its Subsidiaries, has committed any material breach of trust or fiduciary duty with respect to any such fiduciary account, and the accountings
for each such fiduciary account are true and correct in all material respects and accurately reflect the assets of such fiduciary account.

4.12    Certain Contracts. Each contract, arrangement, commitment or understanding (whether written or oral) which is a “material contract”
(as such term is defined in Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K of the SEC) to which Parent or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which Parent or any
of its Subsidiaries is bound as of the date hereof has been filed as an exhibit to the most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by Parent, or a
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or Current Report on Form 8-K subsequent thereto (each, a “Parent Contract”).

4.13    Agreements with Regulatory Agencies. Neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to any cease-and-desist or other order or
enforcement action issued by, or is a party to any written agreement, consent agreement or memorandum of understanding with, or is a party to any
commitment letter or similar undertaking to, or is subject to any order or directive by, or has been ordered to pay any civil money penalty by, or has been
since January 1, 2015, a recipient of any supervisory letter from, or since January 1, 2015, has adopted any policies, procedures or board resolutions at
the request or suggestion of any Regulatory Agency or other Governmental Entity that currently restricts in any material respect the conduct of its
business or that in any material manner relates to its capital adequacy, its ability to pay dividends, its credit or risk management policies, its management
or its business (each, whether or not set forth in the Parent Disclosure Schedule, a “Parent Regulatory Agreement”), nor has Parent or any of its
Subsidiaries been advised in writing since January 1, 2015, by any Regulatory Agency or other Governmental Entity that it is considering issuing,
initiating, ordering or requesting any such Parent Regulatory Agreement.

4.14    Related Party Transactions. There are no transactions or series of related transactions, agreements, arrangements or understandings,
nor are there any currently proposed transactions or series of related transactions, between Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and any
current or former director or “executive officer” (as defined in Rule 3b-7 under the Exchange Act) of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or any person who
beneficially owns (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 of the Exchange Act) 5% or more of the outstanding Parent Common Stock (or any of such
person’s immediate family members or affiliates) (other than Subsidiaries of Parent) on the other hand, of the type required to be reported in any Parent
Report pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Exchange Act, which has not been so reported on a timely basis.

4.15    Reorganization. Parent has not taken any action and is not aware of any fact or circumstance that could reasonably be expected to
prevent the Merger from qualifying as a “reorganization” within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code.
 

A-30



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 182/219

Table of Contents

4.16    Parent Information. The information relating to Parent and its Subsidiaries which is provided by Parent or its representatives
specifically for inclusion in (a) the Proxy Statement, on the date it (or any amendment or supplement thereto) is first mailed to holders of the Company
Common Stock and the Company Preferred Stock at the time of the Company Meeting, (b) the S-4, when it or any amendment thereto becomes
effective under the Securities Act, (c) the documents and financial statements of Parent incorporated by reference in the Proxy Statement, the S-4 or any
amendment or supplement thereto or (d) any other document filed with any other Regulatory Agency in connection herewith, will not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances in which they are
made, not misleading. The Proxy Statement (except for such portions thereof that relate only to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries) will comply in
all material respects with the provisions of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder. The S-4 (except for such portions thereof that
relate only to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries) will comply in all material respects with the provisions of the Securities Act and the rules and
regulations thereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no representation or warranty is made by Parent with respect to statements made or incorporated
by reference therein based on information provided or supplied by or on behalf of the Company or its Subsidiaries for inclusion in the Proxy Statement
or the S-4.

4.17    No Other Representations or Warranties. (a) Except for the representations and warranties made by Parent and Intermediary in this
Article IV, neither Parent nor any other person makes any express or implied representation or warranty with respect to Parent, its Subsidiaries, or their
respective businesses, operations, assets, liabilities, conditions (financial or otherwise) or prospects, and Parent hereby disclaims any such other
representations or warranties. In particular, without limiting the foregoing disclaimer, neither Parent nor any other person makes or has made any
representation or warranty to the Company or any of its affiliates or representatives with respect to (i) any financial projection, forecast, estimate, budget
or prospective information relating to Parent, any of its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, or (ii) except for the representations and warranties
made by Parent and Intermediary in this Article IV, any oral or written information presented to the Company or any of its affiliates or representatives in
the course of their due diligence investigation of Parent, the negotiation of this Agreement or in the course of the transactions contemplated hereby.

(b)    Parent acknowledges and agrees that neither the Company nor any other person has made or is making any express or implied
representation or warranty other than those contained in Article III. Parent has not relied on any representations and warranties of the Company other
than the representations and warranties of the Company that are expressly set forth in Article III.

ARTICLE V

COVENANTS RELATING TO CONDUCT OF BUSINESS

5.1    Conduct of Business of the Company Prior to the Effective Time. During the period from the date of this Agreement to the Effective
Time or earlier termination of this Agreement, except as expressly contemplated or permitted by this Agreement (including as set forth in the Company
Disclosure Schedule), in connection with the discontinuance of Company Bank’s national residential mortgage origination business with respect to
clause (a) only, required by law or as consented to in writing by Parent (or, in the case of clause (b), the Company) (such consent not to be unreasonably
withheld, conditioned or delayed), (a) the Company shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries to, conduct its business in the ordinary course consistent with
past practice in all material respects and use reasonable best efforts to maintain and preserve intact its business organization, the services of its
employees and its advantageous business relationships, and (b) each of the Company and Parent shall not, and shall cause their respective Subsidiaries
not to, knowingly take any action that would reasonably be expected to adversely affect or materially delay the ability to obtain any necessary approvals
of any Regulatory Agency or other Governmental Entity required for the transactions contemplated hereby or to perform its respective covenants and
agreements under this Agreement or to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby on a timely basis.
 

A-31



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 183/219

Table of Contents

5.2    Company Forbearances. During the period from the date of this Agreement to the Effective Time or earlier termination of this
Agreement, except as expressly contemplated or permitted by this Agreement (including as set forth in the Company Disclosure Schedule), in
connection with the discontinuance of Company Bank’s national mortgage origination business, required by law or as consented to in writing by Parent
(such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), the Company shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to:

(a)    other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, (i) incur any indebtedness for borrowed money
(other than indebtedness of the Company or any of its wholly-owned Subsidiaries to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries), or (ii) assume,
guarantee, endorse or otherwise as an accommodation become responsible for the obligations of any other individual, corporation or other
entity (other than a Subsidiary of the Company);

(b)    

(i)    adjust, split, combine or reclassify any capital stock;

(ii)    make, declare or pay any dividend, or make any other distribution on, or directly or indirectly redeem, purchase or
otherwise acquire, any shares of its capital stock or any securities or obligations convertible (whether currently convertible or
convertible only after the passage of time or the occurrence of certain events) into or exchangeable for any shares of its capital stock
(except (A) regular quarterly cash dividends by the Company on the Company Common Stock at a rate not in excess of $0.24 per
share of Company Common Stock, (B) quarterly cash dividends by the Company on the Company Preferred Stock in accordance
with the terms thereof, (C) distributions paid on trust preferred securities, (D) dividends paid by any of the Subsidiaries of the
Company to the Company or any of its wholly-owned Subsidiaries, (E) the acceptance of shares of Company Common Stock as
payment for the exercise price of Company Stock Options or for withholding Taxes incurred in connection with the exercise of
Company Stock Options or the vesting or settlement of Company Equity Awards or (F) to satisfy obligations under Company
Benefit Plans;

(iii)    grant any stock options, stock appreciation rights, performance shares, restricted stock units, restricted shares or
other equity-based awards or interests, or grant any person any right to acquire any shares of its capital stock; or

(iv)    issue, sell or otherwise permit to become outstanding any additional shares of capital stock or securities convertible
or exchangeable into, or exercisable for, any shares of its capital stock or any options, warrants, or other rights of any kind to acquire
any shares of capital stock, except in connection with reinvestment of dividends pursuant to the Company Dividend Reinvestment
Plan or pursuant to the exercise of Company Stock Options or the vesting or settlement of Company Equity Awards;

(c)    sell, transfer, mortgage, encumber or otherwise dispose of any of its material properties or assets or any business to any
person other than a wholly-owned Subsidiary, or cancel, release or assign any material indebtedness owed by any such person or any claims
against any such person, in each case other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice;

(d)    except for transactions in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice (including by way of foreclosure or
acquisitions of control in a fiduciary or similar capacity or in satisfaction of debts previously contracted in good faith), make any material
investment either by purchase of stock or securities, contributions to capital, property transfers, or purchase of any property or assets of any
other individual, corporation or other entity, other than a wholly owned Subsidiary of the Company;

(e)    (i) terminate, materially amend, or waive any material provision of, any Company Contract, or make any change in any
instrument or agreement governing the terms of any of its

 
A-32



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 184/219

Table of Contents

securities, or material lease or contract, other than normal renewals of contracts and leases without material adverse changes of terms with
respect to the Company, or (ii) enter into any contract that would constitute a Company Contract if it were in effect on the date of this
Agreement;

(f)     except as required by any Company Benefit Plan, (i) increase the compensation or benefits payable to any current or former
employee, individual independent contractor or director, except (A) increases in annual base salary or wage rate in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice that do not exceed 3.25% in the aggregate or (B) the payment of annual or other periodic cash bonuses
for completed performance periods based on actual performance and paid in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice;
(ii) grant or award any bonus or cash incentive compensation or make any loans to any employee, individual independent contractor or
director other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice; (iii) enter into or adopt any Company Benefit Plan or any
employee benefit plan that would be considered a Company Benefit Plan if in effect on the date hereof, or amend, modify or terminate any
existing Company Benefit Plan; (iv) take any action to accelerate the vesting or payment, or the funding of any payment or benefit under,
any Company Benefit Plan, (v) discretionarily accelerate the vesting or payment of any equity or equity-based awards (vi) grant any
severance, retention or termination pay to any employee, individual independent contractor or director; or (vii) enter into or adopt any
collective bargaining agreement;

(g)    settle any material claim, suit, action or proceeding, except in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice
in an amount and for consideration not in excess of $2,500,000 individually or $5,000,000 in the aggregate and that would not impose any
material restriction on the business of it or its Subsidiaries or the Surviving Corporation or any of its affiliates;

(h)    take any action or knowingly fail to take any action where such action or failure to act could reasonably be expected to
prevent the Merger from qualifying as a “reorganization” within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code;

(i)    except for the Charter Amendment, amend the Company Charter or Company Bylaws or comparable governing documents
of its Subsidiaries;

(j)    merge or consolidate itself or any of its Subsidiaries with any other person, or restructure, reorganize or completely or
partially liquidate or dissolve it or any of its Subsidiaries;

(k)    materially restructure or materially change its investment securities or derivatives portfolio or its interest rate exposure,
through purchases, sales or otherwise, or the manner in which the portfolio is classified or reported, or purchase any security rated below
investment grade, in each case, other than (i) in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice or (ii) as may be required by
applicable laws, regulations, guidelines or policies imposed by a Governmental Entity;

(l)    implement or adopt any change in its accounting principles, practices or methods, other than as may be required by GAAP
with the concurrence of its independent registered public accountants;

(m)    enter into any material new line of business;

(n)    make any loans or extensions of credit, except in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, or new loans
or extensions of credit in excess of $35,000,000 in a single transaction or renewals of loans or extensions of credit in excess of $50,000,000,
in each case, except pursuant to existing commitments; provided, that Parent shall be required to respond to any request for a consent to
make such loan or extension of credit in writing within two (2) business days after the loan package is delivered to Parent;

(o)    make any material changes in its policies and practices with respect to (i) underwriting, pricing, originating, acquiring,
selling, servicing or buying or selling rights to service, Loans or (ii) investment, risk and asset liability management or hedging practices
and policies, in each case

 
A-33



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 185/219

Table of Contents

except as may be required by such policies and practices or by any applicable laws, regulations, guidelines or policies imposed by any
Governmental Entity;

(p)    make, or commit to make, any capital expenditures in excess of $5,000,000 in the aggregate, except as contemplated in the
capital expenditure budget previously made available by the Company to Parent;

(q)    make application for the opening, relocation or closing of any, or open, relocate or close any, material branch office,
material loan production office or other significant office or operations facility of it or its Subsidiaries;

(r)    other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, make, change or revoke any material Tax
election, change an annual Tax accounting period, adopt or change any material Tax accounting method, file any amended material Tax
Return, enter into any closing agreement with respect to a material amount of Taxes, or settle any material Tax claim, audit, assessment or
dispute or surrender any right to claim a refund of a material amount of Taxes; or

(s)    agree to take, make any commitment to take, or adopt any resolutions of its board of directors or similar governing body in
support of, any of the actions prohibited by this Section 5.2.

5.3    Parent Forbearances. During the period from the date of this Agreement to the Effective Time or earlier termination of this Agreement,
except as expressly contemplated or permitted by this Agreement (including as set forth in the Parent Disclosure Schedule), required by law or as
consented to in writing by the Company (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), Parent shall not, and shall not permit
any of its Subsidiaries to:

(a)    Except for the Parent Charter Amendment, amend the Parent Articles or Parent Code of Regulations in a manner that would
adversely affect the economic benefits of the Merger to the holders of the Company Common Stock;

(b)    adjust, split, combine or reclassify any capital stock of Parent;

(c)    adopt or publicly propose a plan of complete or partial liquidation or resolutions providing for or authorizing such a
liquidation or a dissolution, in each case, of Parent or Intermediary;

(d)    take any action or knowingly fail to take any action where such action or failure to act could reasonably be expected to
prevent the Merger from qualifying as a “reorganization” within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code; or

(e)    agree to take, make any commitment to take, or adopt any resolutions of its board of directors or similar governing body in
support of, any of the actions prohibited by this Section 5.3.

ARTICLE VI

ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS

6.1    Regulatory Matters. (a) Parent and the Company shall promptly prepare and file with the SEC, no later than twenty (20) business days
after the date of this Agreement, the Proxy Statement and Parent shall promptly prepare and file with the SEC the S-4, in which the Proxy Statement will
be included as a prospectus. Each of Parent and the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to have the S-4 declared effective under the Securities
Act as promptly as practicable after such filing and to keep the S-4 effective for so long as necessary to consummate the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement, and the Company shall thereafter as promptly as practicable mail or deliver the Proxy Statement to its stockholders. Parent shall also
use its reasonable best efforts to obtain all necessary state securities law or “Blue Sky” permits and approvals required to carry out the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, and the Company shall furnish all information concerning the Company and the holders of the Company Common
Stock and the Company Preferred Stock as may be reasonably requested in connection with any such action.
 

A-34



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 186/219

Table of Contents

(b)    The parties hereto shall cooperate with each other and use, and cause their applicable Subsidiaries to use, their reasonable best efforts
to promptly prepare and file all necessary documentation, to effect all applications, notices, petitions and filings, to obtain as promptly as practicable all
permits, consents, approvals and authorizations of all third parties and Governmental Entities which are necessary or advisable to consummate the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including the Requisite Regulatory Approvals and the Bank Merger), and to comply with the terms and
conditions of all such permits, consents, approvals and authorizations of all such Governmental Entities. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, as soon as practicable and in no event later than twenty (20) business days after the date of this Agreement, Parent and the Company shall,
and shall cause their respective Subsidiaries to, each prepare and file any applications, notices, petitions and filings required to be filed with any
Governmental Entity in order to obtain the Requisite Regulatory Approvals (including the Bank Merger) and, if requested by Parent, the applications,
notices, petitions and filings required in connection with the Bank Merger.

(c)    Parent and the Company shall have the right to review in advance, and, to the extent practicable, each will consult the other on, in each
case subject to applicable laws relating to the exchange of information, all the information relating to the Company or Parent, as the case may be, and
any of their respective Subsidiaries, which appears in any filing made with, or written materials submitted to, any third party or any Governmental
Entity in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including the Bank Merger). In exercising the foregoing right, each of the
parties hereto shall act reasonably and as promptly as practicable. The parties hereto agree that they will consult with each other with respect to the
obtaining of all permits, consents, approvals and authorizations of all third parties and Governmental Entities necessary or advisable to consummate the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and each party will keep the other apprised of the status of matters relating to completion of the
transactions contemplated hereby. Each party shall consult with the other in advance of any meeting or conference with any Governmental Entity in
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and, to the extent permitted by such Governmental Entity, give the other party and/or
its counsel the opportunity to attend and participate in such meetings and conferences.

(d)    In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, each of Parent and the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to (i) avoid
the entry of, or to have vacated, lifted, reversed or overturned any decree, judgment, injunction or other order, whether temporary, preliminary or
permanent, that would restrain, prevent or delay the Closing, and (ii) avoid or eliminate each and every impediment, including with respect to obtaining
the Requisite Regulatory Approvals, so as to enable the Closing to occur as soon as possible. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
Agreement, nothing contained in this Agreement shall require Parent or permit the Company to take, or agree to take, any action or agree to any
condition or restriction, in connection with the grant of a Requisite Regulatory Approval, that would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse
effect on Parent and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, after giving effect to the Merger (measured on a scale relative to the Company and its
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole) (a “Materially Burdensome Regulatory Condition”).

(e)    Parent and the Company shall, upon request, furnish each other with all information concerning themselves, their Subsidiaries,
directors, officers and stockholders and such other matters as may be reasonably necessary or advisable in connection with the Proxy Statement, the S-4
or any other statement, filing, notice or application made by or on behalf of Parent, the Company or any of their respective Subsidiaries to any
Governmental Entity in connection with the Merger, the Bank Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Each of Parent and
the Company agrees, as to itself and its Subsidiaries, that none of the information supplied or to be supplied by it for inclusion or incorporation by
reference in (i) the S-4 will, at the time the S-4 and each amendment or supplement thereto, if any, becomes effective under the Securities Act, contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not
misleading and (ii) the Proxy Statement and any amendment or supplement thereto will, at the date of mailing to the Company’s common and preferred
stockholders and at the time of the Company’s Meeting to consider and vote upon the Company Stockholder Matters, contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which such statement was made, not misleading.
 

A-35



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 187/219

Table of Contents

Each of Parent and the Company further agrees that if it becomes aware that any information furnished by it would cause any of the statements in the
S-4 or the Proxy Statement and each amendment or supplement thereto to be false or misleading with respect to any material fact, or to omit to state any
material fact necessary to make the statements therein not false or misleading, to promptly inform the other party thereof and to take appropriate steps to
correct the S-4 or the Proxy Statement and any amendment or supplement thereto.

(f)    Parent and the Company shall promptly advise each other upon receiving any communication from any Governmental Entity whose
consent or approval is required for consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement that causes such party to believe that there is a
reasonable likelihood that any Requisite Regulatory Approval will not be obtained or that the receipt of any such approval will be materially delayed.

(g)    As used in this Agreement, the “Requisite Regulatory Approvals” shall mean all regulatory authorizations, consents, orders or
approvals (x) from the Federal Reserve Board; (y) under the HSR Act, if required and (z) any other approvals set forth in Sections 3.4 and 4.4 that are
necessary to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including the Merger and the Bank Merger, except for any such
authorizations, consents, orders or approvals the failure of which to be obtained would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the
aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Parent.

6.2    Access to Information. (a) Upon reasonable notice and subject to applicable laws, each of Parent and the Company shall, and shall
cause each of their respective Subsidiaries to, afford to the officers, employees, counsel, accountants and advisors of the other party, reasonable access,
during normal business hours during the period prior to the Effective Time, to all its properties, books, contracts, personnel and records, and each shall
cooperate with the other party in preparing to execute after the Effective Time conversion or consolidation of systems and business operations generally,
and, during such period, each of Parent and the Company shall, and shall cause its respective Subsidiaries to, make available to the other party all other
information concerning its business, properties and personnel as such party may reasonably request. Neither Parent nor the Company nor any of their
respective Subsidiaries shall be required to provide access to or to disclose information where such access or disclosure would violate or prejudice the
rights of Parent’s or the Company’s, as the case may be, customers, jeopardize the attorney-client privilege of the institution in possession or control of
such information (after giving due consideration to the existence of any common interest, joint defense or similar agreement between the parties) or
contravene any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, decree, fiduciary duty or binding agreement entered into prior to the date of this Agreement. The
parties hereto will use reasonable best efforts to cooperate and make appropriate substitute disclosure arrangements under circumstances in which the
restrictions of the preceding sentence apply.

(b)    Each of Parent and the Company shall hold all information furnished by or on behalf of the other party or any of such party’s
Subsidiaries or representatives pursuant to Section 6.2(a) in confidence to the extent required by, and in accordance with, the provisions of the
confidentiality agreement, dated March 1, 2018, between Parent and the Company (the “Confidentiality Agreement”).

(c)    No investigation by either of the parties or their respective representatives shall affect or be deemed to modify or waive the
representations and warranties of the other set forth herein. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall give either party, directly or indirectly, the right to
control or direct the operations of the other party prior to the Effective Time. Prior to the Effective Time, each party shall exercise, consistent with the
terms and conditions of this Agreement, complete control and supervision over its and its Subsidiaries’ respective operations.

6.3    Stockholders’ Approval(a) . (a) The Board of Directors of the Company has resolved to recommend to its common and preferred
stockholders that they approve the Company Stockholder Matters, and will submit to the Company’s common and preferred stockholders the Company
Stockholder Matters and any other matters required to be approved by its common and preferred stockholders in order to carry out the
 

A-36



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 188/219

Table of Contents

intentions of this Agreement. In furtherance of that obligation, the Company shall, in accordance with applicable law and the Company Charter and
Company Bylaws, call, give notice of, convene and hold a meeting of its common and preferred stockholders (the “Company Meeting,”) as soon as
reasonably practicable after the S-4 is declared effective for the purpose of obtaining the Requisite Company Vote and the Requisite Preferred Vote
required in connection with the Company Stockholder Matters and, if so desired and mutually agreed, upon other matters of the type customarily
brought before an annual or special meeting of common and preferred stockholders to approve a merger or amendments to organizational documents.
The Company shall engage a proxy solicitor reasonably acceptable to Parent to assist in the solicitation of proxies from the common and preferred
stockholders of the Company relating to the Requisite Company Vote and the Requisite Preferred Vote. The Board of Directors of the Company shall
use its reasonable best efforts to obtain from the common and preferred stockholders of the Company the Requisite Company Vote and the Requisite
Preferred Vote, including by communicating to its common and preferred stockholders its recommendation (and including such recommendation in the
Proxy Statement) that they approve the Company Stockholder Matters. However, subject to Sections 8.1 and 8.2, if the Board of Directors of the
Company, after receiving the advice of its outside counsel and, with respect to financial matters, its financial advisor, determines in good faith that it
would more likely than not result in a violation of its fiduciary duties under applicable law to continue to recommend this Agreement, then in submitting
the Company Stockholder Matters to its common and preferred stockholders, the Board of Directors of the Company may submit the Company
Stockholder Matters to its common and preferred stockholders without recommendation (although the resolutions approving the Company Stockholder
Matters as of the date hereof may not be rescinded or amended), in which event the Board of Directors of the Company may communicate the basis for
its lack of a recommendation to its common and preferred stockholders in the Proxy Statement or an appropriate amendment or supplement thereto to
the extent required by law; provided, that the Board of Directors of the Company may not take any actions under this sentence unless (i) it gives Parent
at least three (3) business days’ prior written notice of its intention to take such action and a reasonable description of the event or circumstances giving
rise to its determination to take such action (including, in the event such action is taken by the Board of Directors of the Company in response to an
Acquisition Proposal, the latest material terms and conditions of, and the identity of the third party making, any such Acquisition Proposal, or any
amendment or modification thereof, or describe in reasonable detail such other event or circumstances) and (ii) at the end of such notice period, the
Board of Directors of the Company takes into account any amendment or modification to this Agreement proposed by the Parent and after receiving the
advice of its outside counsel and, with respect to financial matters, its financial advisor, determines in good faith that it would nevertheless more likely
than not result in a violation of its fiduciary duties under applicable law to continue to recommend this Agreement. Any material amendment to any
Acquisition Proposal will be deemed to be a new Acquisition Proposal for purposes of this Section 6.3(a) and will require a new notice period as
referred to in this Section 6.3(a).

(b)    The Company shall adjourn or postpone the Company Meeting if, as of the time for which such meeting is originally scheduled there
are insufficient shares of the Company Common Stock represented (either in person or by proxy) to constitute a quorum necessary to conduct the
business of such meeting, or if on the date of such meeting the Company has not received proxies representing a sufficient number of shares necessary
to obtain the Requisite Company Vote, and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Company shall continue to use all reasonable best
efforts, together with its proxy solicitor, to solicit proxies from its common and preferred stockholders in order to obtain the Requisite Company Vote
and the Requisite Preferred Vote. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, unless this Agreement has been terminated in accordance with its
terms, the Company Meeting shall be convened and the Company Stockholder Matters shall be submitted to the common and preferred stockholders of
the Company at the Company Meeting for the purpose of obtaining the Requisite Company Vote and the Requisite Preferred Vote, and nothing
contained herein shall be deemed to relieve the Company of such obligation.

6.4    Legal Conditions to Merger. Subject in all respects to Section 6.1 of this Agreement, each of Parent and the Company shall, and shall
cause its Subsidiaries to, use their respective reasonable best efforts (a) to take, or cause to be taken, all actions necessary, proper or advisable to comply
promptly with all legal requirements that may be imposed on such party or its Subsidiaries with respect to the Merger and the Bank
 

A-37



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 189/219

Table of Contents

Merger and, subject to the conditions set forth in Article VII hereof, to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and (b) to obtain
(and to cooperate with the other party to obtain) any material consent, authorization, order or approval of, or any exemption by, any Governmental
Entity and any other third party that is required to be obtained by the Company or Parent or any of their respective Subsidiaries in connection with the
Merger, the Bank Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

6.5    Stock Exchange Listing. Parent shall (x) cause the shares of Parent Common Stock to be issued in the Merger to the holders of the
Company Common Stock and Company Equity Awards to be approved for listing on Nasdaq, subject to official notice of issuance, prior to the Effective
Time and (y) use reasonable best efforts to cause the share of New Parent Preferred Stock to be issued in the Merger to the holders of the Company
Preferred Stock (or depositary shares in respect thereof), as applicable, to be approved for listing on Nasdaq, subject to official notice of issuance, prior
to the Effective Time.

6.6    Employee Benefit Plans. (a) During the period commencing at the Effective Time and ending on the twelve (12) month anniversary of
the Closing Date or, if shorter, during the period of employment of a Continuing Employee following the Closing, Parent shall, or shall cause the
Surviving Corporation or another Parent Subsidiary to, provide the employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries who continue to be employed by
Parent or its Subsidiaries (including the Surviving Corporation and its Subsidiaries) immediately following the Effective Time (the “Continuing
Employees”) with (i) an annual base salary or base wage rate and cash bonus opportunities and cash incentive opportunities, as applicable, that are no
less favorable than the annual base salary or base wage rate and cash bonus opportunities and cash incentive opportunities, as applicable, provided by
the Company or any such Subsidiary to such Continuing Employees immediately prior to the Effective Time, (ii) employee benefits (excluding equity,
equity-based compensation, defined benefit pension or retiree welfare benefits) that are, in the aggregate, either (A) substantially comparable to those
provided by the Company or any such Subsidiary to such Continuing Employees immediately prior to the Effective Time or (B) substantially the same
as those that are generally made available to similarly situated employees of Parent and its Subsidiaries.

(b)    With respect to any employee benefit plans of Parent or its Subsidiaries in which any Continuing Employees become eligible to
participate on or after the Effective Time (the “New Plans”), Parent shall use commercially reasonable efforts or shall cause the Surviving Corporation
or another applicable Parent Subsidiary to use commercially reasonable efforts to: (i) waive all pre-existing conditions, exclusions and waiting periods
with respect to participation and coverage requirements applicable to such employees and their eligible dependents under any New Plans, except to the
extent such pre-existing conditions, exclusions or waiting periods would apply under the analogous the Company Benefit Plan, (ii) provide each such
employee and his or her eligible dependents with credit for any eligible expenses incurred by such employee or dependent prior to the Effective Time
under a Company Benefit Plan (to the same extent that such credit was given under the analogous Company Benefit Plan prior to the Effective Time) in
satisfying any applicable deductible, co-payment or out-of-pocket requirements under any New Plans, and (iii) recognize all service of such employees
with the Company and its Subsidiaries (and their respective predecessors, if applicable) for all purposes in any New Plan to the same extent that such
service was taken into account under the analogous Company Benefit Plan prior to the Effective Time, provided, that the foregoing service recognition
shall not apply (x) to the extent it would result in duplication of benefits for the same period of services, (y) with respect to any New Plan that, by its
terms, does not recognize prior service for any participants (whether previous employees of Parent or its Subsidiaries, Continuing Employees or
otherwise), or (z) under any retiree health plan, except as set forth in item 5 in Section 5.2(f) of the Company Disclosure Schedule. During the period
commencing at the Effective Time and ending on the later of the twelve (12) month anniversary of the Closing Date or ninety (90) days after the systems
conversion (but in no event later than the twenty-four (24) month anniversary of the Closing Date), Parent shall, or shall cause Surviving Company or
another applicable Parent Subsidiary to, provide severance and outplacement services to Continuing Employees (other than Continuing Employees who
are party to a written employment agreement or any other written agreement with the Company, Parent or any of their respective Subsidiaries providing
for severance) that are substantially the same as those that are generally provided to
 

A-38



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 190/219

Table of Contents

similarly situated employees of Parent and its Subsidiaries under the severance plan of Parent and its Subsidiaries as of the date hereof; provided, that
(A) the severance plan of Parent and its Subsidiaries, as such plan applies to Continuing Employees, shall be amended such that (x) the maximum
number of weeks of severance provided to the lowest grade classification under such plan shall be 26 weeks, (y) the minimum number of weeks of
severance provided to the two highest grade classifications under such plan shall be 26 weeks and (z) the severance provided to a Continuing Employee
whose employment terminates after June 30th shall include a pro rata bonus with respect the calendar year in which termination occurs, (B) such
severance and outplacement services shall be subject to the execution (and non-revocation) of a customary release of claims against Parent and each of
the Parent Subsidiaries and (C) such severance may be paid in lump sum.

(c)    Parent acknowledges and agrees that the Closing will constitute “good reason” (or words of similar import) under the employment or
severance agreement covering each officer who is a member of the Company’s Strategic Oversight Committee.

(d)    If Parent so requests (which request shall be made not less than 30 days prior to the Effective Time), the Company shall take any and
all actions, to the extent permitted by law and the terms of the applicable plan, required (including without limitation, the adoption of resolutions by its
Board of Directors) to amend, freeze and/or terminate any or all Company Benefits Plans immediately prior to the Effective Time (as permitted by the
terms of the applicable plan), and, if requested by Parent, to implement any such actions.

(e)    Upon written request by Parent at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall, or shall cause its
applicable Subsidiaries to, adopt resolutions terminating any and all Company Benefit Plans intended to qualify as a qualified cash or deferred
arrangement under Section 401(k) of the Code (each, a “Company 401(k) Plan”) effective as of one day preceding the Closing Date but contingent on
the occurrence of the Closing. The Company will provide Parent evidence that each Company 401(k) Plan has been terminated prior to Closing pursuant
to duly adopted resolutions. The form and substance of such resolutions shall be subject to review and reasonable approval of Parent and such
resolutions shall be provided to Parent at least seven (7) Business Days prior to the Closing Date.

(f)    Nothing in this Agreement shall confer upon any employee, officer, director or consultant of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or
affiliates any right to continue in the employ or service of Parent, the Surviving Corporation, the Company, or any Subsidiary or affiliate thereof, or shall
interfere with or restrict in any way the rights of the Parent, Surviving Corporation, the Company, or any Subsidiary or affiliate thereof to discharge or
terminate the services of any employee, officer, director or consultant of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or affiliates at any time for any reason
whatsoever, with or without cause. Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to (i) establish, amend, or modify any Company Benefit Plan, New Plan
or any other benefit or employment plan, program, agreement or arrangement, or (ii) alter or limit the ability of the Surviving Corporation or any of its
Subsidiaries or affiliates to amend, modify or terminate any particular Company Benefit Plan, New Plan or any other benefit or employment plan,
program, agreement or arrangement after the Effective Time. Without limiting the generality of Section 9.11, nothing in this Agreement, express or
implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any person, including any current or former employee, officer, director or consultant of the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries or affiliates, any right, benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement.

6.7    Indemnification; Directors’ and Officers’ Insurance. (a) From and after the Effective Time, Parent shall indemnify and hold harmless,
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, each present and former director, officer or employee of the Company and its Subsidiaries as well as
fiduciaries of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries under the Company Benefit Plans (in each case, when acting in such capacity) (collectively, the
“Company Indemnified Parties”) against any costs or expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines, losses, damages or liabilities
incurred in connection with any threatened or actual claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation, whether civil, criminal, administrative or
investigative, whether arising before or after the Effective Time, arising in whole or in part out of, or pertaining to, the fact that such person is
 

A-39



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 191/219

Table of Contents

or was a director, officer or employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, is or was a fiduciary under any of the Company Benefit Plans, or is or
was serving at the request of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries as a director or officer of another person and pertaining to matters, acts or omissions
existing or occurring at or prior to the Effective Time, including matters, acts or omissions occurring in connection with the consideration and approval
of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; and Parent shall also advance expenses as incurred by
such Company Indemnified Party to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, provided that the Company Indemnified Party to whom expenses are
advanced provides an undertaking, in a reasonable and customary form, to repay such advances if it is ultimately determined that such Company
Indemnified Party is not entitled to indemnification.

(b)    Subject to the following sentence, for a period of six (6) years after the Effective Time, Parent shall cause to be maintained in effect the
current policies of directors’ and officers’ liability insurance maintained by the Company and/or its Subsidiaries and any similar policies covering
fiduciaries under the Company Benefit Plans (provided, that Parent may substitute therefor policies with a substantially comparable insurer of at least
the same coverage and amounts containing terms and conditions which are no less advantageous to the insured) with respect to claims against the
present and former officers and directors of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries arising from facts or events which occurred at or before the Effective
Time (including the transactions contemplated by this Agreement); provided, that Parent shall not be obligated to expend, on an annual basis, an amount
in excess of 300% of the current annual premium paid as of the date hereof by the Company for such insurance (the “Premium Cap”), and if such
premiums for such insurance would at any time exceed the Premium Cap, then Parent shall cause to be maintained policies of insurance which, in
Parent’s good faith determination, provide the maximum coverage available at an annual premium equal to the Premium Cap. In lieu of the foregoing,
the Company, in consultation with, but only upon the consent of, Parent, may (and at the request of Parent, the Company shall use its reasonable best
efforts to) obtain at or prior to the Effective Time a six-year “tail” policy under the Company’s existing directors and officers insurance policy and any
similar policy covering fiduciaries under the Company Benefit Plans providing equivalent coverage to that described in the preceding sentence if and to
the extent that the same may be obtained for an amount that, in the aggregate, does not exceed the Premium Cap. If the Company purchases such a “tail
policy,” Parent shall maintain such “tail policy” in full force and effect and continue to honor its obligations thereunder.

(c)    The obligations of the Parent and the Company under this Section 6.7 shall not be terminated or modified after the Effective Time in a
manner so as to adversely affect any Company Indemnified Party or any other person entitled to the benefit of this Section 6.7 without the prior written
consent of the affected Company Indemnified Party or affected person.

(d)    The provisions of this Section 6.7 shall survive the Effective Time and are intended to be for the benefit of, and shall be enforceable
by, each Company Indemnified Party and his or her heirs and representatives. If Parent or any of its successors or assigns will consolidate with or merge
into any other entity and not be the continuing or surviving entity of such consolidation or merger, transfer all or substantially all of its assets or deposits
to any other entity or engage in any similar transaction, then in each case, Parent will cause proper provision to be made so that the successors and
assigns of Parent will expressly assume the obligations set forth in this Section 6.7.

6.8    Additional Agreements. In case at any time after the Effective Time any further action is necessary or desirable to carry out the
purposes of this Agreement or to vest the Surviving Corporation with full title to all properties, assets, rights, approvals, immunities and franchises of
any of the parties to the Merger, the proper officers and directors of each party to this Agreement and their respective Subsidiaries shall take all such
necessary action as may be reasonably requested by the other party.

6.9    Advice of Changes. Each of Parent and the Company shall promptly advise the other party of any fact, change, event or circumstance
known to it (i) that has had or would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on it or (ii) which it
believes would or would be
 

A-40



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 192/219

Table of Contents

reasonably likely to cause or constitute a material breach of any of its representations, warranties or covenants contained herein or that reasonably could
be expected to give rise, individually or in the aggregate, to the failure of a condition in Article VII; provided, that any failure to give notice in
accordance with the foregoing with respect to any breach shall not be deemed to constitute a violation of this Section 6.9 or the failure of any condition
set forth in Section 7.2 or Section 7.3 to be satisfied, or otherwise constitute a breach of this Agreement by the party failing to give such notice, in each
case unless the underlying breach would independently result in a failure of the conditions set forth in Section 7.2 or Section 7.3 to be satisfied.

6.10    Dividends. After the date of this Agreement, each of Parent and the Company shall coordinate with the other the declaration of any
dividends in respect of the Parent Common Stock and the Company Common Stock and the record dates and payment dates relating thereto, it being the
intention of the parties hereto that holders of the Company Common Stock shall not receive two dividends, or fail to receive one dividend, in any quarter
with respect to their shares of Company Common Stock and any shares of Parent Common Stock any such holder receives in exchange therefor in the
Merger.

6.11    Corporate Governance. At the Effective Time, Parent shall appoint two directors of the Company’s Board of Directors (the
“Company Directors”) to the Board of Directors of Parent as mutually agreed by the Company and Parent (at least one of whom shall be an independent
Company Director), who shall be included in the slate of directors for the next annual meeting of stockholders of Parent.

6.12    Acquisition Proposals. (a) The Company shall not, and shall cause its Subsidiaries and use its reasonable best efforts to cause its and
their officers, directors, agents, advisors and representatives (collectively, “Representatives”) not to, directly or indirectly, (i) initiate, solicit, knowingly
encourage or knowingly facilitate inquiries or proposals with respect to any Acquisition Proposal, (ii) engage or participate in any negotiations with any
person concerning, or relating to, any Acquisition Proposal or (iii) provide any confidential or nonpublic information or data to, or have or participate in
any discussions with, any person relating to any Acquisition Proposal; provided, that, prior to the approval of the Merger by the stockholders of the
Company by the Requisite Company Vote, in the event the Company receives an unsolicited bona fide written Acquisition Proposal after the date of this
Agreement and its Board of Directors concludes in good faith (after receiving the advice of its outside counsel and with respect to financial matters, its
financial advisors) that such Acquisition Proposal constitutes or is more likely than not to result in a Superior Proposal, it may, and may permit its
Subsidiaries and its and its Subsidiaries’ Representatives to, furnish or cause to be furnished nonpublic information or data and participate in such
negotiations or discussions to the extent that the Board of Directors of the Company concludes in good faith (after receiving the advice of its outside
counsel, and with respect to financial matters, its financial advisor) that failure to take such actions would more likely than not result in a violation of its
fiduciary duties under applicable law; provided, further, that, prior to providing any nonpublic information permitted to be provided pursuant to the
foregoing proviso, the Company shall have provided such information to Parent and entered into a confidentiality agreement with such third party on
terms no less favorable to it than the Confidentiality Agreement, which confidentiality agreement shall not provide such person with any exclusive right
to negotiate with the Company. The Company will, and will use its reasonable best efforts to cause its Representatives to, immediately cease and cause
to be terminated any activities, discussions or negotiations conducted before the date of this Agreement with any person other than Parent with respect to
any Acquisition Proposal. The Company will promptly (and in any event within twenty-four (24) hours) advise Parent in writing following receipt of
any Acquisition Proposal or any inquiry which could reasonably be expected to lead to an Acquisition Proposal, and the substance thereof (including the
material terms and conditions of and the identity of the person making such inquiry or Acquisition Proposal), and will promptly (and in any event within
twenty-four (24) hours) advise Parent of any related developments, discussions and negotiations, including any amendments to or revisions of the terms
of such inquiry or Acquisition Proposal. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts, subject to applicable law and the fiduciary duties of the
Board of Directors of the Company, to enforce any existing confidentiality, standstill or similar agreements to which it or any of its Subsidiaries is a
party relating to an Acquisition Proposal in accordance with its terms. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts, subject to applicable law, to,
within ten (10) business days after the date hereof,
 

A-41



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 193/219

Table of Contents

request and confirm the return or destruction of any confidential information provided to any person (other than Parent and its affiliates) pursuant to any
such confidentiality, standstill or similar agreement. Unless and until this Agreement shall have been duly terminated in accordance with its terms, the
Company shall not, and shall cause its Representatives not to on its behalf, enter into any binding acquisition agreement, merger agreement or other
definitive transaction agreement (other than a confidentiality agreement referred to and entered into in accordance with this Section 6.12(a)) relating to
any Acquisition Proposal.

(b)    As used in this Agreement, “Acquisition Proposal” shall mean, other than the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, any offer,
proposal or inquiry relating to, or any third party indication of interest in, (i) any acquisition or purchase, direct or indirect, of 25% or more of the
consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries or 25% or more of any class of equity or voting securities of the Company or its Subsidiaries
whose assets, individually or in the aggregate, constitute 25% or more of the consolidated assets of the Company, (ii) any tender offer (including a self
tender offer) or exchange offer that, if consummated, would result in such third party beneficially owning 25% or more of any class of equity or voting
securities of the Company or its Subsidiaries whose assets, individually or in the aggregate, constitute 25% or more of the consolidated assets of the
Company, or (iii) a merger, consolidation, share exchange, business combination, reorganization, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution or other
similar transaction involving the Company or its Subsidiaries whose assets, individually or in the aggregate, constitute 25% or more of the consolidated
assets of the Company. As used in this Agreement, “Superior Proposal” shall mean a bona fide written Acquisition Proposal that the Board of Directors
of the Company concludes in good faith to be more favorable to its stockholders than the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby,
(i) after receiving the advice of its financial advisors (who shall be a nationally recognized investment banking firm), (ii) after taking into account the
likelihood of consummation of such transaction on the terms set forth therein and (iii) after taking into account all legal (with the advice of outside
counsel), financial (including the financing terms of any such proposal), regulatory and other aspects of such proposal (including any expense
reimbursement provisions and conditions to closing) and any other relevant factors permitted under applicable law; provided, that for purposes of the
definition of “Superior Proposal,” the references to “25%” in the definition of Acquisition Proposal shall be deemed to be references to “a majority.”

(c)    Nothing contained in this Agreement shall prevent the Company or its Board of Directors from complying with Rules 14d-9 and 14e-2
under the Exchange Act or Item 1012(a) of Regulation M-A with respect to an Acquisition Proposal or from making any legally required disclosure to
the Company’s stockholders; provided, that such Rules will in no way eliminate or modify the effect that any action pursuant to such Rules would
otherwise have under this Agreement.

6.13    Public Announcements. Each of the Company and Parent shall each use their reasonable best efforts to develop a joint
communications plan, to ensure that all press releases and other public statements with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby shall be
consistent with such joint communications plan, and except in respect of any announcement required by applicable law or regulation, a request by a
Governmental Entity or by obligations pursuant to any listing agreement with or rules of any securities exchange, to consult with each other and to
obtain the advance approval of the other party (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) before issuing any press
release or, to the extent practical, otherwise making any public statement with respect to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.

6.14    Takeover Statutes. None of the Company, Parent, Intermediary or their respective Boards of Directors shall take any action that
would cause any Takeover Statute to become applicable to this Agreement, the Merger, or any of the other transactions contemplated hereby, and each
shall take all necessary steps within its control to exempt (or ensure the continued exemption of) the Merger and the other transactions contemplated
hereby from any applicable Takeover Statute now or hereafter in effect. If any Takeover Statute may become, or may purport to be, applicable to the
transactions contemplated hereby, each party and the members of their respective Boards of Directors will grant such approvals and take such actions as
are necessary so that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement may be consummated as promptly as practicable on the terms
 

A-42



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 194/219

Table of Contents

contemplated hereby and thereby and otherwise act to eliminate or minimize the effects of any Takeover Statute on any of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement, including, if necessary, challenging the validity or applicability of any such Takeover Statute.

6.15    Exemption from Liability under Section 16(b). The Company and Parent agree that, in order to most effectively compensate and
retain those officers and directors of the Company subject to the reporting requirements of Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act (the “Company Insiders”),
both prior to and after the Effective Time, it is desirable that Company Insiders not be subject to a risk of liability under Section 16(b) of the Exchange
Act to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law in connection with the conversion of shares of Company Common Stock, Company Preferred Stock
and Company Equity Awards in the Merger, and for that compensatory and retentive purpose agree to the provisions of this Section 6.15. The Board of
Directors of Parent and of the Company, or a committee of non-employee directors thereof (as such term is defined for purposes of Rule 16b-3(d) under
the Exchange Act), shall reasonably promptly, and in any event prior to the Effective Time, take all such steps as may be required to cause (in the case
of the Company) any dispositions of Company Common Stock, Company Preferred Stock or Company Equity Awards by the Company Insiders, and (in
the case of Parent) any acquisitions of Parent Common Stock, New Parent Preferred Stock, and/or Company Stock Options exercisable for shares of
Parent Common Stock converted at the Effective Time pursuant to Section 1.9(a), by any Company Insiders who, immediately following the Merger,
will be officers or directors of the Surviving Corporation subject to the reporting requirements of Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, in each case
pursuant to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, to be exempt from liability pursuant to Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act to the fullest
extent permitted by applicable law.

6.16    Litigation and Claims. Each of Parent and the Company shall promptly notify each other in writing of any action, arbitration,
investigation, litigation, or subpoena issued or commenced by or before, or otherwise involving, any Governmental Entity or arbitrator pending or, to the
knowledge of Parent or the Company, as applicable, threatened against Parent, the Company or any of their respective Subsidiaries that (a) questions or
would reasonably be expected to question the validity of this Agreement or the other agreements contemplated hereby or thereby or any actions taken or
to be taken by Parent, the Company or their respective Subsidiaries with respect hereto or thereto, or (b) seeks to enjoin, materially delay or otherwise
restrain the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby. The Company shall give Parent the opportunity to participate, at Parent’s own expense, in the
defense or settlement of any stockholder litigation against the Company and/or its directors or affiliates relating to the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, and no such settlement shall be agreed without Parent’s prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or
delayed).

6.17    Assumption of the Company Debt6.18 . Parent agrees to execute and deliver, or cause to be executed and delivered, by or on behalf
of the Surviving Corporation or Parent Bank (as the case may be), at or prior to the Effective Time, one or more supplemental indentures, guarantees,
and other instruments required for the due assumption of the Company’s or the Company Bank’s outstanding debt, guarantees, securities, and other
agreements to the extent required by the terms of such debt, guarantees, securities, and other agreements.

6.18    No Control of Other Party’s Business. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall give Parent or Intermediary, directly or indirectly,
the right to control or direct the operations of the Company or its Subsidiaries prior to the Effective Time, and nothing contained in this Agreement shall
give the Company, directly or indirectly, the right to control or direct the operations of Parent or its Subsidiaries prior to the Effective Time. Prior to the
Effective Time, each of Parent and the Company shall exercise, consistent with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, complete control and
supervision over its and its Subsidiaries’ respective operations.

6.19    Amendment Filings. Following the receipt of the Requisite Preferred Vote, Parent shall file with the Ohio Secretary of State the
Parent Charter Amendment prior to the Effective Time of the Merger. If the Preferred Stockholder Matter is not approved, then the Company shall effect
the Charter Amendment by filing
 

A-43



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 195/219

Table of Contents

with the Department of Assessments and Taxation of the State of Maryland the Charter Amendment prior to the effective time of the Alternative Merger.

6.20    Termination of Company Dividend Reinvestment Plan. The Company shall take such action as is necessary to (i) provide that as of
no later than five business days prior to the Effective Time no further shares of Company Common Stock will be purchased under the Company
Dividend Reinvestment Plan and (ii) to terminate the Company Dividend Reinvestment Plan prior to the Effective Time in accordance with the
Company Dividend Reinvestment Plan, and ensure that no purchase or other rights under the Company Dividend Reinvestment Plan enable the holder
of such rights to acquire any interest in the Company as a result of such purchase or the exercise of such rights at or after the Effective Time.

ARTICLE VII

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

7.1    Conditions to Each Party’s Obligation to Effect the Merger. The respective obligations of the parties to effect the Merger shall be
subject to the satisfaction at or prior to the Effective Time of the following conditions:

(a)    Stockholder Approval. The Merger and the Charter Amendment shall have been approved by the stockholders of the
Company by the Requisite Company Vote.

(b)    Nasdaq Listing. The shares of the Parent Common Stock that shall be issuable to the holders of the Company Common
Stock and Company Equity Awards, as applicable, pursuant to this Agreement shall have been authorized for listing on Nasdaq, subject to
official notice of issuance.

(c)    Regulatory Approvals. All Requisite Regulatory Approvals shall have been obtained and shall remain in full force and
effect without the imposition of any Materially Burdensome Regulatory Condition and all statutory waiting periods in respect thereof shall
have expired or been earlier terminated.

(d)    S-4. The S-4 shall have become effective under the Securities Act and no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the S-4
shall have been issued and no proceedings for that purpose shall have been initiated or threatened by the SEC and not withdrawn.

(e)    No Injunctions or Restraints; Illegality. No order, injunction or decree issued by any court or agency of competent
jurisdiction or other legal restraint or prohibition preventing the consummation of the Merger or any of the other transactions contemplated
by this Agreement shall be in effect. No statute, rule, regulation, order, injunction or decree shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or
enforced by any Governmental Entity which prohibits or makes illegal consummation of the Merger or any of the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.

7.2    Conditions to Obligations of Parent and Intermediary. The obligations of each of Parent and Intermediary to effect the Merger is also
subject to the satisfaction, or waiver by Parent (on behalf of itself and Intermediary), at or prior to the Effective Time, of the following conditions:

(a)    Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Company set forth in Sections 3.2(a) and 3.8(a)
(in each case after giving effect to the lead in to Article III) shall be true and correct (other than, in the case of Section 3.2(a), such failures
to be true and correct as are de minimis) in each case as of the date of this Agreement and (except to the extent such representations and
warranties speak as of an earlier date) as of the Closing Date as though made on and as of the Closing Date, and the representations and
warranties of the Company set forth in Sections 3.1(a), 3.1(b), 3.2(b) and 3.3(a) (in each case, after giving effect to the lead in to Article III)
shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date of this Agreement and (except to the extent such

 
A-44



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 196/219

Table of Contents

representations and warranties speak as of an earlier date) as of the Closing Date as though made on and as of the Closing Date. All other
representations and warranties of the Company set forth in this Agreement (read without giving effect to any qualification as to materiality
or Material Adverse Effect on the Company set forth in such representations or warranties but, in each case, after giving effect to the lead in
to Article III) shall be true and correct in all respects as of the date of this Agreement and (except to the extent such representations and
warranties speak as of an earlier date) as of the Closing Date as though made on and as of the Closing Date; provided, that for purposes of
this sentence, such representations and warranties shall be deemed to be true and correct unless the failure or failures of such representations
and warranties to be so true and correct, either individually or in the aggregate, and without giving effect to any qualification as to
materiality or Material Adverse Effect set forth in such representations or warranties, has had or would reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect on the Company. Parent shall have received a certificate signed on behalf of the Company by an authorized officer
of the Company to the foregoing effect.

(b)    Performance of Obligations of the Company. The Company shall have performed in all material respects the obligations
required to be performed by it under this Agreement at or prior to the Closing Date, and Parent shall have received a certificate signed on
behalf of the Company by an authorized officer of the Company to such effect.

(c)    Federal Tax Opinion. Parent shall have received the written opinion from Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP, counsel to
Parent (or other counsel reasonably satisfactory to Parent), dated as of the Closing Date, and based on the facts, representations, assumptions
and exclusions set forth or described in such opinion, to the effect that the Merger will be treated as a reorganization within the meaning of
Section 368(a) of the Code. Such counsel shall be entitled to rely upon representation letters from each of Parent, Intermediary and the
Company, in each case, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to such counsel. Each such representation letter shall be dated as of
the date of such opinion.

7.3    Conditions to Obligations of the Company. The obligation of the Company to effect the Merger is also subject to the satisfaction, or
waiver by the Company, at or prior to the Effective Time, of the following conditions:

(a)    Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of Parent and Intermediary set forth in Section 4.2(a),
the last sentence of Section 4.3(a) and Section 4.8(a) (in each case, after giving effect to the lead in to Article IV) shall be true and correct
(other than, in the case of Section 4.2(a), such failures to be true and correct as are de minimis) in each case as of the date of this Agreement
and (except to the extent such representations and warranties speak as of an earlier date) as of the Closing Date as though made on and as of
the Closing Date, and the representations and warranties of Parent and Intermediary set forth in Sections 4.1(a), 4.1(b), 4.2(b) and 4.3(a)
(other than the last sentence of Section 4.3(a)) (in each case, after giving effect to the lead in to Article IV) shall be true and correct in all
material respects as of the date of this Agreement and (except to the extent such representations and warranties speak as of an earlier date)
as of the Closing Date as though made on and as of the Closing Date. All other representations and warranties of Parent and Intermediary
set forth in this Agreement (read without giving effect to any qualification as to materiality or Material Adverse Effect on Parent set forth in
such representations or warranties but, in each case, after giving effect to the lead in to Article IV) shall be true and correct in all respects as
of the date of this Agreement and (except to the extent such representations and warranties speak as of an earlier date) as of the Closing
Date as though made on and as of the Closing Date, provided, that for purposes of this sentence, such representations and warranties shall be
deemed to be true and correct unless the failure or failures of such representations and warranties to be so true and correct, either
individually or in the aggregate, and without giving effect to any qualification as to materiality or Material Adverse Effect on Parent set
forth in such representations or warranties, has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Parent. The
Company shall have received a certificate signed on behalf of Parent by an authorized officer of Parent to the foregoing effect.

 
A-45



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 197/219

Table of Contents

(b)    Performance of Obligations of Parent and Intermediary. Parent and Intermediary shall have performed in all material
respects the obligations required to be performed by them under this Agreement at or prior to the Closing Date, and the Company shall have
received a certificate signed on behalf of Parent by an authorized officer of Parent to such effect.

(c)    Federal Tax Opinion. The Company shall have received a written opinion from Silver, Freedman, Taff & Tiernan LLP,
counsel to the Company (or other counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Company), dated as of the Closing Date, and based on the facts,
representations, assumptions and exclusions set forth or described in such opinion, to the effect that the Merger will be treated as a
reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code. Such counsel shall be entitled to rely upon representation letters from each
of Parent, Intermediary and the Company, in each case, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to such counsel. Each such
representation letter shall be dated as of the date of such opinion.

ARTICLE VIII

TERMINATION AND AMENDMENT

8.1    Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Effective Time, whether before or after approval of the
Merger by the stockholders of the Company:

(a)    by mutual consent of Parent and the Company in a written instrument;

(b)    by either Parent or the Company if any Governmental Entity that must grant a Requisite Regulatory Approval has denied
approval of the Merger or the Bank Merger and such denial has become final and nonappealable or any Governmental Entity of competent
jurisdiction shall have issued a final nonappealable order permanently enjoining or otherwise prohibiting or making illegal the
consummation of the Merger or the Bank Merger, unless the failure to obtain a Requisite Regulatory Approval shall be due to the failure of
the party seeking to terminate this Agreement to perform or observe the covenants and agreements of such party set forth herein;

(c)    by either Parent or the Company if the Merger shall not have been consummated on or before the first anniversary of the
date of this Agreement (the “Termination Date”), unless the failure of the Closing to occur by such date shall be due to the failure of the
party seeking to terminate this Agreement to perform or observe the covenants and agreements of such party set forth herein, provided that
if on the Termination Date, the condition set forth in 7.1(c) shall not have been satisified but all other conditions to Closing shall have been
satisfied or capable of being satisfied, then the Termination Date may be extended for a period of three months at the option of either the
Company or Parent by written notice to the other on or prior to the Termination Date;

(d)    by either Parent or the Company (provided, that the terminating party is not then in material breach of any representation,
warranty, covenant or other agreement contained herein) if there shall have been a breach of any of the covenants or agreements or any of
the representations or warranties (or any such representation or warranty shall cease to be true) set forth in this Agreement on the part of the
Company, in the case of a termination by Parent, or Parent or Intermediary, in the case of a termination by the Company, which breach or
failure to be true, either individually or in the aggregate with all other breaches by such party (or failures of such representations or
warranties to be true), would constitute, if occurring or continuing on the Closing Date, the failure of a condition set forth in Section 7.2, in
the case of a termination by Parent, or 7.3, in the case of a termination by the Company, and which is not cured within the earlier of the
Termination Date and forty-five (45) days following written notice to the Company, in the case of a termination by Parent, or Parent, in the
case of a termination by the Company, or by its nature or timing cannot be cured during such period; or

(e)    by Parent, if (i) prior to such time as the Requisite Company Vote is obtained, the Company or the Board of Directors of the
Company (A) submits the Company Stockholder Matters to

 
A-46



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 198/219

Table of Contents

its stockholders without a recommendation for approval, or otherwise withdraws or materially and adversely modifies (or publicly discloses
its intention to withdraw or materially and adversely modify) its recommendation as contemplated by Section 6.3, or recommends to its
stockholders an Acquisition Proposal other than the Merger, or (B) materially breaches its obligations under Section 6.3 or Section 6.12 or
(ii) a tender offer or exchange offer for 25% or more of the outstanding shares of the Company Common Stock is commenced (other than by
Parent or a Subsidiary thereof), and the Board of Directors of the Company recommends that the stockholders of the Company tender their
shares in such tender or exchange offer or otherwise fails to recommend that such stockholders reject such tender offer or exchange offer
within the ten (10) business day period specified in Rule 14e-2(a) under the Exchange Act.

The party desiring to terminate this Agreement pursuant to clause (b), (c), (d) or (e) of this Section 8.1 shall give written notice of such termination to
the other party in accordance with Section 9.5, specifying the provision or provisions hereof pursuant to which such termination is effected.

8.2    Effect of Termination. (a) In the event of termination of this Agreement by either Parent or the Company as provided in Section 8.1,
this Agreement shall forthwith become void and have no effect, and none of Parent, the Company, any of their respective Subsidiaries or any of the
officers, directors, employees, shareholders, agents or representatives of any of them shall have any liability of any nature whatsoever hereunder, or in
connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, except that (i) Section 6.2(b), this Section 8.2, Article IX and the Confidentiality Agreement shall
survive any termination of this Agreement, and (ii) notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, neither Parent or Intermediary
nor the Company shall be relieved or released from any liabilities or damages arising out of its fraud or Willful Breach of any provision of this
Agreement occurring prior to termination (which, in the case of the Company, shall include the loss to the holders of the Company Common Stock and
Company Equity Awards of the economic benefits of the Merger, including the loss of the premium offered to the stockholders of the Company).
“Willful Breach” shall mean a material breach of, or material failure to perform any of the covenants or other agreements contained in, this Agreement,
that is a consequence of an act or failure to act by the breaching or non-performing party with actual knowledge that such party’s act or failure to act
would, or would be reasonably expected to, result in or constitute a breach of or failure of performance under this Agreement.

(b)    (i) In the event that after the date of this Agreement, a bona fide Acquisition Proposal shall have been made known to senior
management or the board of directors of the Company or has been made directly to its stockholders generally or any person shall have publicly
announced (whether or not withdrawn) an Acquisition Proposal with respect to the Company, and (A) thereafter this Agreement is terminated by either
Parent or the Company pursuant to Section 8.1(c) without the Requisite Company Vote having been obtained or (B) thereafter this Agreement is
terminated by Parent pursuant to Section 8.1(d), and (C) prior to the date that is twelve (12) months after the date of such termination, the Company
enters into a definitive agreement or consummates a transaction with respect to an Acquisition Proposal (whether or not the same Acquisition Proposal
as that referred to above), then, the Company shall, on the earlier of the date it enters into such definitive agreement and the date of consummation of
such transaction, pay Parent, by wire transfer of same day funds, a fee equal to $151,215,000 (the “Termination Fee”); provided, that for purposes of this
Section 8.2(b), all references in the definition of Acquisition Proposal to “25%” shall instead refer to “50%”.

(ii) In the event that this Agreement is terminated by Parent pursuant to Section 8.1(e), then the Company shall pay Parent, by wire transfer
of same day funds, the Termination Fee within two (2) business days of the date of termination.

(c)    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, but without limiting the right of any party to recover liabilities or damages, the
maximum aggregate amount of fees payable by the Company under this Section 8.2 shall be equal to the Termination Fee. In no event shall the
Company be obligated to pay the Termination Fee on more than one occasion.
 

A-47



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 199/219

Table of Contents

(d)    The Company acknowledges that the agreements contained in this Section 8.2 are an integral part of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement, and that, without these agreements, Parent and Intermediary would not enter into this Agreement; accordingly, if the Company fails
promptly to pay any amount due pursuant to Section 8.2(b), and, in order to obtain such payment, Parent commences a suit which results in a judgment
against the Company for the Termination Fee or any portion thereof, the Company shall pay the costs and expenses of Parent (including reasonable
attorneys’ fees and expenses) in connection with such suit. In addition, if the Company fails to pay any amount due pursuant to Section 8.2(b), then the
Company shall pay interest on such overdue amount (for the period commencing as of the date that such overdue amount was originally required to be
paid and ending on the date that such overdue amount is actually paid in full) at a rate per annum equal to the “prime rate” (as announced by JPMorgan
Chase & Co. or any successor thereto) in effect on the date on which such payment was required to be made, for the period commencing as of the date
that such overdue amount was originally required to be paid. The amounts payable by the Company pursuant to Section 8.2(b) constitute liquidated
damages and not a penalty, and, except in the case of fraud or Willful Breach, shall be the sole monetary remedy of Parent in the event of a termination
of this Agreement specified in such section under circumstances where the Termination Fee is payable and is paid in full.

ARTICLE IX

GENERAL PROVISIONS

9.1    Nonsurvival of Representations, Warranties and Agreements. None of the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements in
this Agreement or in any instrument delivered pursuant to this Agreement (other than the Confidentiality Agreement, which shall survive in accordance
with its terms) shall survive the Effective Time, except for Sections 6.6, 6.7 and 6.11 and for those other covenants and agreements contained herein and
therein which by their terms apply or are to be performed in whole or in part after the Effective Time.

9.2    Amendment. Subject to compliance with applicable law, this Agreement may be amended by the parties hereto, by action taken or
authorized by their respective Boards of Directors, at any time before or after approval of the matters presented in connection with the Merger by the
stockholders of the Company; provided, that after the approval of the Merger by the stockholders of the Company, there may not be, without further
approval of the stockholders of the Company, any amendment of this Agreement that requires such further approval under applicable law. This
Agreement may not be amended, modified or supplemented in any manner, whether by course of conduct or otherwise, except by an instrument in
writing specifically designated as an amendment hereto, signed on behalf of each of the parties hereto.

9.3    Extension; Waiver. At any time prior to the Effective Time, the parties hereto, by action taken or authorized by their respective Boards
of Directors, may, to the extent legally allowed, (a) extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts of the other parties hereto,
(b) waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties contained herein or in any document delivered pursuant hereto and (c) waive
compliance with any of the agreements or satisfaction of any conditions contained herein; provided, that after approval of the Merger by the
stockholders of the Company, there may not be, without further approval of the stockholders of the Company, any extension or waiver of this Agreement
or any portion thereof that requires such further approval under applicable law. Any agreement on the part of a party hereto to any such extension or
waiver shall be valid only if set forth in a written instrument signed on behalf of such party, but such extension or waiver or failure to insist on strict
compliance with an obligation, covenant, agreement or condition shall not operate as a waiver of, or estoppel with respect to, any subsequent or other
failure.

9.4    Expenses. Except (i) as otherwise provided in Section 8.2 and (ii), if required, with respect to all filing fees in connection with any
filing under the HSR Act which shall be borne by Parent, all costs and expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby shall be paid by
 

A-48



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 200/219

Table of Contents

the party incurring such expense; provided, that the costs and expenses of printing and mailing the Proxy Statement and all filing and other fees paid to
the SEC in connection with the Merger shall be borne equally by Parent and the Company.

9.5    Notices. All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed duly given (a) on the date of delivery
if delivered personally, or if by facsimile, upon confirmation of receipt, or if by email so long as such email states it is a notice delivered pursuant to this
Section 9.5 and a duplicate copy of such email is promptly given by one of the other methods described in this Section 9.5, (b) on the first business day
following the date of dispatch if delivered utilizing a next-day service by a recognized next-day courier or (c) on the earlier of confirmed receipt or the
fifth business day following the date of mailing if delivered by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid. All notices
hereunder shall be delivered to the addresses set forth below, or pursuant to such other instructions as may be designated in writing by the party to
receive such notice:
 
 (a) if to the Company, to:

MB Financial, Inc.
6111 N. River Road
Rosemont, IL 60018

Attention:        Mitchell Feiger
                         Jill York
Facsimile:       (847) 653-0080
Email:             mfeiger@mbfinancial.com
                         jyork@mbfinancial.com

With a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Silver, Freedman, Taff & Tiernan LLP
3299 K Street, N.W. Suite 100
Washington, DC 20007-4444

Attention:        Barry P. Taff
                         Craig M. Scheer
Facsimile:        202-337-5502
Email:             btaff@sfttlaw.com
                         cscheer@sfttlaw.com

 

 (b) if to Parent or Intermediary, to:

Fifth Third Bancorp
38 Fountain Square Plaza
Cincinnati, Ohio 45263

Attention:        Susan B. Zaunbrecher
Facsimile:       (513) 534-6757
Email:             susan.zaunbrecher@53.com

With a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP
425 Lexington Avenue
New York, NY 10017

Attention:        Lee Meyerson
                         Elizabeth A. Cooper
Facsimile:       (212) 455-2000
Email:             lmeyerson@stblaw.com
                         ecooper@stblaw.com

 
A-49



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 201/219

Table of Contents

9.6    Interpretation. The parties have participated jointly in negotiating and drafting this Agreement. In the event that an ambiguity or a
question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the parties, and no presumption or burden of proof
shall arise favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue of the authorship of any provision of this Agreement. When a reference is made in this Agreement
to Articles, Sections, Exhibits or Schedules, such reference shall be to an Article or Section of or Exhibit or Schedule to this Agreement unless otherwise
indicated. The table of contents and headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or
interpretation of this Agreement. Whenever the words “include,” “includes” or “including” are used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to be
followed by the words “without limitation.” References to “the date hereof” shall mean the date of this Agreement. As used in this Agreement, the
“knowledge” of the Company means the actual knowledge of the officers of the Company listed on Section 9.6 of the Company Disclosure Schedule,
and the “knowledge” of Parent means the actual knowledge of the officers of Parent listed on Section 9.6 of the Parent Disclosure Schedule. As used
herein, (i) “business day” means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banks in New York, New York are authorized by law or
executive order to be closed, (ii) “person” means any individual, corporation (including not-for-profit), general or limited partnership, limited liability
company, joint venture, estate, trust, association, organization, Governmental Entity or other entity of any kind or nature, (iii) an “affiliate” of a specified
person is any person that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such specified person and (iv) “made
available” means any document or other information that was (A) provided by one party or its representatives to the other party and its representatives
prior to the date hereof, (B) included in the virtual data room of a party prior to the date hereof or (C) filed by a party with the SEC and publicly
available on EDGAR prior to the date hereof. The Company Disclosure Schedule and the Parent Disclosure Schedule, as well as all other schedules and
all exhibits hereto, shall be deemed part of this Agreement and included in any reference to this Agreement. All references to “dollars” or “$” in this
Agreement are to United States dollars. This Agreement shall not be interpreted or construed to require any person to take any action, or fail to take any
action, if to do so would violate any applicable law. References to any statute or regulation refer to such statute or regulation as amended, modified,
supplemented or replaced from time to time (and, in the case of statutes, include any rules and regulations promulgated under the statute) and references
to any section of any statute or regulation include any successor to such section.

9.7    Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts (including by facsimile or other electronic means), all of
which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each of the parties and
delivered to the other parties, it being understood that all parties need not sign the same counterpart.

9.8    Entire Agreement. This Agreement (including the documents and the instruments referred to herein) together with the Confidentiality
Agreement constitutes the entire agreement among the parties and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among the
parties with respect to the subject matter hereof.

9.9    Governing Law; Jurisdiction. (a) This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of
Delaware, without regard to any applicable conflicts of law thereof (except that matters relating to the fiduciary duties of the Board of Directors of the
Company shall be subject to the laws of the State of Maryland).

(b)    Each party agrees that it will bring any action or proceeding in respect of any claim arising out of or related to this Agreement or the
transactions contemplated hereby exclusively in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if the Court of Chancery determines that it lacks
subject matter jurisdiction, any federal court sitting in the State of Delaware and, if both the Court of Chancery and the federal courts sitting in the State
 

A-50



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 202/219

Table of Contents

of Delaware determine that they lack subject matter jurisdiction, any state court sitting in the State of Delaware) (and any courts from which appeals
may be taken) (the “Chosen Courts”), and, solely in connection with claims arising under this Agreement or the transactions that are the subject of this
Agreement, (i) irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Chosen Courts, (ii) waives any objection to laying venue in any such action or
proceeding in the Chosen Courts, (iii) waives any objection that the Chosen Courts are an inconvenient forum or do not have jurisdiction over any party
and (iv) agrees that service of process upon such party in any such action or proceeding will be effective if notice is given in accordance with Section 
9.5.

9.10    Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY WHICH MAY ARISE
UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT ISSUES, AND THEREFORE EACH SUCH PARTY
HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW AT THE TIME OF INSTITUTION
OF THE APPLICABLE LITIGATION, ANY RIGHT SUCH PARTY MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION
DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY
THIS AGREEMENT. EACH PARTY CERTIFIES AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT: (A) NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF
ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF
LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER, (B) EACH PARTY UNDERSTANDS AND HAS CONSIDERED THE
IMPLICATIONS OF THIS WAIVER, (C) EACH PARTY MAKES THIS WAIVER VOLUNTARILY AND (D) EACH PARTY HAS BEEN INDUCED
TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS
SECTION 9.10.

9.11    Assignment; Third Party Beneficiaries. Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations shall be assigned by any
of the parties hereto (whether by operation of law or otherwise) without the prior written consent of the other party, provided that Intermediary shall
have the right to assign this Agreement to Merger Sub in the event the Alternative Structure is to be effected. Any purported assignment in contravention
hereof shall be null and void. Subject to the preceding sentence, this Agreement will be binding upon, inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the
parties and their respective successors and assigns. Except as otherwise specifically provided in Sections 6.7, which is intended to benefit each Company
Indemnified Party and his or her representatives, this Agreement (including the documents and instruments referred to herein) is not intended to, and
does not, confer upon any person other than the parties hereto any rights or remedies hereunder, including the right to rely upon the representations and
warranties set forth herein. The representations and warranties in this Agreement are the product of negotiations among the parties hereto and are for the
sole benefit of the parties. Any inaccuracies in such representations and warranties are subject to waiver by the parties hereto in accordance herewith
without notice or liability to any other person. In some instances, the representations and warranties in this Agreement may represent an allocation
among the parties hereto of risks associated with particular matters regardless of the knowledge of any of the parties hereto. Consequently, persons other
than the parties may not rely upon the representations and warranties in this Agreement as characterizations of actual facts or circumstances as of the
date of this Agreement or as of any other date.

9.12    Specific Performance. The parties hereto agree that irreparable damage would occur if any provision of this Agreement were not
performed in accordance with its specific terms or otherwise breached. Accordingly, the parties shall be entitled to specific performance of the terms
hereof, including an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement or to enforce specifically the performance of the terms and
provisions hereof (including the parties’ obligation to consummate the Merger), in addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in
equity. Each of the parties hereby further waives (a) any defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate and (b)
any requirement under any law to post security or a bond as a prerequisite to obtaining equitable relief.

9.13    Severability. Whenever possible, each provision or portion of any provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such manner as
to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision or
 

A-51



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 203/219

Table of Contents

portion of any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law or rule in any
jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision or portion of any provision in such jurisdiction, and this
Agreement shall be reformed, construed and enforced in such jurisdiction such that the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision or portion thereof
shall be interpreted to be only so broad as is enforceable, so long as the economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
are not affected in any manner materially adverse to any party hereto.

9.14    Delivery by Facsimile or Electronic Transmission. This Agreement and any signed agreement or instrument entered into in
connection with this Agreement, and any amendments or waivers hereto or thereto, to the extent signed and delivered by means of a facsimile machine
or by e-mail delivery of a “.pdf” format data file, shall be treated in all manner and respects as an original agreement or instrument and shall be
considered to have the same binding legal effect as if it were the original signed version thereof delivered in person. No party hereto or to any such
agreement or instrument shall raise the use of a facsimile machine or e-mail delivery of a “.pdf” format data file to deliver a signature to this Agreement
or any amendment hereto or the fact that any signature or agreement or instrument was transmitted or communicated through the use of a facsimile
machine or e-mail delivery of a “.pdf” format data file as a defense to the formation of a contract and each party hereto forever waives any such defense.

[Signature Page Follows]
 

A-52



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 204/219

Table of Contents

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Parent, Intermediary and the Company have caused this Agreement to be executed by their respective officers
thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above written.
 

MB FINANCIAL, INC.

By:  /s/ Mitchell Feiger
Name:  Mitchell Feiger
Title:  Chief Executive Officer and President

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP

By:  /s/ Greg D. Carmichael
Name:  Greg D. Carmichael
Title:  President and Chief Executive Officer

FIFTH THIRD FINANCIAL CORPORATION

By:  /s/ Greg D. Carmichael
Name:  Greg D. Carmichael
Title:  President and Chief Executive Officer

 
 

[Signature Page to Agreement and Plan of Merger]
 

A-53



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 205/219

Table of Contents

APPENDIX B

[LETTERHEAD OF SANDLER O’NEILL & PARTNERS, L.P.]

May 20, 2018

Board of Directors
MB Financial, Inc.
800 West Madison Street
Chicago, IL 60607

Ladies and Gentlemen:

MB Financial, Inc. (“Company”), Fifth Third Bancorp (“Parent”) and Fifth Third Financial Corporation, a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of
Parent (“Intermediary”), are proposing to enter into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the “Agreement”) pursuant to which Company will, subject to
the terms and conditions set forth in the Agreement, merge with and into Intermediary so that Intermediary is the surviving corporation (the “Merger”).
Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, upon the Effective Time of the Merger, each share of the common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Company
(“Company Common Stock”) issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, except for certain shares of Company Common Stock as
set forth in the Agreement, shall be converted into the right to receive, without interest, (i) 1.4500 shares of the common stock, without par value, of
Parent (“Parent Common Stock”), and (ii) $5.54 in cash (the consideration described in (i) and (ii), the “Merger Consideration”). Capitalized terms used
herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Agreement. The other terms and conditions of the Merger are more fully set
forth in the Agreement. You have requested our opinion as to the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the Merger Consideration to the holders of
Company Common Stock.

Sandler O’Neill & Partners, L.P. (“Sandler O’Neill”, “we” or “our”), as part of its investment banking business, is regularly engaged in the
valuation of financial institutions and their securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions and other corporate transactions. In connection with
this opinion, we have reviewed and considered, among other things: (i) a draft of the Agreement, dated as of May 20, 2018, (ii) certain publicly
available financial statements and other historical financial information of Company that we deemed relevant; (iii) certain publicly available financial
statements and other historical financial information of Parent that we deemed relevant; (iv) internal financial projections for Company for the years
ending December 31, 2018 through December 31, 2022, as provided by the senior management of Company; (v) publicly available median analyst
earnings per share estimates for Parent for the years ending December 31, 2018 through December 31, 2020 and a long-term annual earnings growth
rate for the years thereafter, as provided by the senior management of Company, as well as an estimated dividend payout ratio and estimated share
buyback ratios as provided by the senior management of Parent; (vi) the pro forma financial impact of the Merger on Parent based on certain
assumptions relating to transaction expenses, purchase accounting adjustments and cost savings, as provided by the senior management of Parent, as
well as publicly available median analyst earnings per share estimates for Company for the years ending December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2019
and a long-term annual earnings growth rate for the years thereafter, as provided by the senior management of Company; (vii) the publicly reported
historical price and trading activity for Company Common Stock and Parent Common Stock, including a comparison of certain stock market
information for Company Common Stock and Parent Common Stock and certain stock indices as well as publicly available information for certain other
similar companies, the securities of which are publicly traded; (viii) a comparison of certain financial information for Company and Parent with similar
institutions for which information is publicly available; (ix) the financial terms of certain recent business combinations in the banking industry (on a
nationwide basis), to the extent publicly available; (x) the current market environment generally and the banking environment in particular; and (xi) such
other information, financial studies, analyses and investigations and financial, economic and market criteria as we considered relevant. We also
discussed with certain members of senior management of Company the business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of Company
and held similar discussions with certain members of senior management of Parent and its representatives regarding the business, financial condition,
results of operations and prospects of Parent.
 

B-1



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 206/219

Table of Contents

In performing our review, we have relied upon the accuracy and completeness of all of the financial and other information that was available to
and reviewed by us from public sources, that was provided to us by Company or Parent, or their respective representatives, or that was otherwise
reviewed by us and we have assumed such accuracy and completeness for purposes of rendering this opinion without any independent verification or
investigation. We have further relied on the assurances of the respective senior managements of Company and Parent that they are not aware of any facts
or circumstances that would make any of such information inaccurate or misleading. We have not been asked to and have not undertaken an independent
verification of any of such information and we do not assume any responsibility or liability for the accuracy or completeness thereof. We did not make
an independent evaluation or perform an appraisal of the specific assets, the collateral securing assets or the liabilities (contingent or otherwise) of
Company or Parent or any of their respective subsidiaries, nor have we been furnished with any such evaluations or appraisals. We render no opinion or
evaluation on the collectability of any assets or the future performance of any loans of Company or Parent or any of their respective subsidiaries. We did
not make an independent evaluation of the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses of Company or Parent, or the combined entity after the Merger and
we have not reviewed any individual credit files relating to Company or Parent or any of their respective subsidiaries. We have assumed, with your
consent, that the respective allowances for loan losses for both Company and Parent are adequate to cover such losses and will be adequate on a pro
forma basis for the combined entity.

In preparing its analyses, Sandler O’Neill used internal financial projections for Company for the years ending December 31, 2018 through
December 31, 2022, as provided by the senior management of Company. In addition, in preparing its analyses Sandler O’Neill used publicly available
median analyst earnings per share estimates for Parent for the years ending December 31, 2018 through December 31, 2020 and a long-term annual
earnings growth rate for the years thereafter, as provided by the senior management of Company, as well as an estimated dividend payout ratio and
estimated share buyback ratios as provided by the senior management of Parent. Sandler O’Neill also received and used in its pro forma analyses certain
assumptions relating to transaction expenses, purchase accounting adjustments and cost savings, as provided by the senior management of Parent, as
well as publicly available median analyst earnings per share estimates for Company for the years ending December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2019
and a long-term annual earnings growth rate for the years thereafter, as provided by the senior management of Company. With respect to the foregoing
information, the respective senior managements of Company and Parent confirmed to us that such information reflected (or, in the case of the publicly
available consensus median analyst estimates referred to above, were consistent with) the best currently available projections, estimates and judgment of
those respective senior managements as to the future financial performance of Company and Parent, respectively, and the other matters covered thereby,
and we assumed that the future financial performance reflected in such information would be achieved. We express no opinion as to such projections,
estimates or judgments, or the assumptions on which they are based. We have also assumed that there has been no material change in Company’s or
Parent’s assets, financial condition, results of operations, business or prospects since the date of the most recent financial statements made available to
us. We have assumed in all respects material to our analysis that Company and Parent will remain as going concerns for all periods relevant to our
analyses.

We have also assumed, with your consent, that (i) each of the parties to the Agreement will comply in all material respects with all material terms
and conditions of the Agreement and all related agreements, that all of the representations and warranties contained in such agreements are true and
correct in all material respects, that the parties to such agreements will perform in all material respects all of the covenants and other obligations
required to be performed by such party under such agreements and that the conditions precedent in such agreements are not and will not be waived,
(ii) in the course of obtaining the necessary regulatory or third party approvals, consents and releases with respect to the Merger, no delay, limitation,
restriction or condition will be imposed that would have an adverse effect on Company, Parent or the benefits contemplated by the Merger or any related
transactions, and (iii) the Merger and any related transactions will be consummated in accordance with the terms of the Agreement without any waiver,
modification or amendment of any material term, condition or agreement thereof and in compliance with all applicable laws and other requirements.
Finally, with your consent, we have relied upon the advice that Company has received from its legal, accounting and tax advisors as
 

B-2



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 207/219

Table of Contents

to all legal, accounting and tax matters relating to the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Agreement. We express no opinion as to
any such matters.

Our analyses and opinion are necessarily based on financial, economic, market and other conditions as in effect on, and the information made
available to us as of, the date hereof. Events occurring after the date hereof could materially affect this opinion. We have not undertaken to update,
revise, reaffirm or withdraw this opinion or otherwise comment upon events occurring after the date hereof. We express no opinion as to the trading
values of Company Common Stock or Parent Common Stock at any time or what the value of Parent Common Stock will be once it is actually received
by the holders of Company Common Stock.

We have acted as Company’s financial advisor in connection with the Merger and will receive a fee for our services which fee is contingent upon
consummation of the Merger. We will also receive a fee for rendering this opinion, which opinion fee will be credited in full towards the transaction fee
becoming payable to us upon closing of the Merger. Company has also agreed to indemnify us against certain claims and liabilities arising out of our
engagement and to reimburse us for certain of our out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with our engagement. In the two years preceding the
date of this opinion, we have provided certain other investment banking services to Company. Most recently, Sandler O’Neill acted as (i) financial
advisor to Company in connection with Company’s acquisition of American Chartered Bancorp, Inc., which transaction closed in August 2016, (ii) book
manager in connection with Company’s offer and sale of preferred stock, which transaction closed in November 2017, and (iii) book manager in
connection with Company’s banking subsidiary’s offer and sale of subordinated debt, which transaction closed in November 2017. Sandler O’Neill has
not provided any investment banking services to Parent in the two years preceding the date hereof. In the ordinary course of our business as a broker-
dealer, we may purchase securities from and sell securities to Company, Parent and their respective affiliates. We may also actively trade the equity and
debt securities of Company and Parent or their respective affiliates for our own account and for the accounts of our customers.

Our opinion is directed to the Board of Directors of Company in connection with its consideration of the Agreement and the Merger and does not
constitute a recommendation to any shareholder of Company as to how any such shareholder should vote at any meeting of shareholders called to
consider and vote upon the approval of the Agreement and the Merger. Our opinion is directed only to the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the
Merger Consideration to the holders of Company Common Stock and does not address the underlying business decision of Company to engage in the
Merger, the form or structure of the Merger or the other transactions contemplated in the Agreement, the relative merits of the Merger as compared to
any other alternative transactions or business strategies that might exist for Company or the effect of any other transaction in which Company might
engage. We also do not express any opinion as to the amount of compensation to be received in the Merger by any Company or Parent officer, director
or employee, or class of such persons, if any, relative to the amount of compensation to be received by any other shareholder. This opinion has been
approved by Sandler O’Neill’s fairness opinion committee. This opinion shall not be reproduced without Sandler O’Neill’s prior written consent;
provided, however, Sandler O’Neill will provide its consent for the opinion to be included in regulatory and securities filings to be completed in
connection with the Merger.

Based upon and subject to the foregoing, it is our opinion that, as of the date hereof, the Merger Consideration is fair to holders of Company
Common Stock from a financial point of view.
 

Very truly yours,

/s/ Sandler O’Neill & Partners, L.P.
 

B-3



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 208/219

Table of Contents

APPENDIX C

ARTICLES OF AMENDMENT

to the

ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION

of

MB FINANCIAL, INC.

(a Maryland corporation)

MB Financial, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the “Corporation”), hereby certifies to the State Department of Assessments and Taxation of
Maryland (the “SDAT”) that:

FIRST: The Corporation desires to amend its Articles of Incorporation (as amended and supplemented and as currently in effect, the “Charter”)
as follows:

Article 5, Section C of the Charter is hereby deleted and the following is inserted in lieu thereof:

“C. Common Stock. Except as provided under the terms of any stock classified or reclassified by the Board of Directors pursuant to this
Article 5 and as limited by Section F of this Article 5, the exclusive voting power shall be vested in the Common Stock, the holders thereof being
entitled to one vote for each share of such Common Stock standing in the holder’s name on the books of the Corporation; provided that, for as
long as the Corporation’s 6.00% Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series C (“Series C Preferred Stock”) is outstanding, the Series C
Preferred Stock shall vote together with the Common Stock as a single class on all matters on which the holders of Common Stock are entitled to
vote pursuant to this Section C, the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock being entitled to twenty-four votes for each share of such Series C
Preferred Stock standing in the holder’s name on the books of the Corporation and the holders of Common Stock being entitled to one vote per
share of Common Stock; provided, further, that no holder of Series C Preferred Stock shall be entitled to vote on any matter submitted to a vote of
the holders of Common Stock prior to the effective date of this amendment, including the merger between a subsidiary of Fifth Third Bancorp, an
Ohio corporation, with and into the Corporation, with the Corporation surviving the merger. The foregoing voting rights of the Series C Preferred
Stock with the Common Stock are in addition to, and not in limitation of, the voting rights granted by the Articles Supplementary for the Series C
Preferred Stock. Subject to any rights and preferences of any class of stock having preferences over the Common Stock, holders of Common
Stock shall be entitled to such dividends as may be declared by the Board of Directors out of funds lawfully available therefor. Upon any
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary, holders of Common Stock shall be
entitled to receive pro rata the remaining assets of the Corporation after payment or provision for payment of all debts and liabilities of the
Corporation and payment or provision for payment of any amounts owed to the holders of any class of stock having preference over the Common
Stock on distributions on liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation.”

SECOND: The Corporation desires to amend its Articles Supplementary relating to the Corporation’s Series C Preferred Stock, filed by the
Corporation with the SDAT on November 21, 2017, as follows:
 

 (1) Section 6(a) of Annex A thereto is hereby deleted and the following is inserted in lieu thereof:

“(a) Except as provided below or as expressly required by applicable law or the Corporation’s charter, the holders of shares of Series C Preferred
Stock shall have no voting power, and no right to vote on any matter at any time, either as a separate series or class or together with any other
series or class of shares of capital stock.”

(2) Section 6(d) of Annex A thereto is hereby deleted and the following is inserted in lieu thereof:

“(d) Except as expressly provided in this Section 6 or the Corporation’s charter, each holder of Series C Preferred Stock shall have one vote per
share on any matter on which holders of Series C Preferred Stock

 
C-1



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 209/219

Table of Contents

are entitled to vote under this Section 6. The holders of the Series C Preferred Stock shall have exclusive voting rights on any charter amendment
that would alter only the contract rights, as expressly set forth in the Corporation’s charter, of the Series C Preferred Stock.”

THIRD: The foregoing amendments to the Charter were declared advisable by the Board of Directors of the Corporation and approved by the
stockholders of the Corporation.

FOURTH: These Articles of Amendment shall become effective at [●]:[●] [●].m. Eastern time on [●], 201[•].

FIFTH: The undersigned President and Chief Executive Officer acknowledges these Articles of Amendment to be the corporate act of the
Corporation and as to all matters or facts required to be verified under oath, the undersigned President and Chief Executive Officer acknowledges that to
the best of his knowledge, information and belief these matters and facts are true in all material respects and that this statement is made under the
penalties for perjury.

[Signature page follows]
 

C-2



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 210/219

Table of Contents

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, MB Financial, Inc. has caused these Articles of Amendment to be signed in its name and on its behalf by its
President and Chief Executive Officer and attested to by its Corporate Secretary as of the          day of         , 201    .
 
ATTEST:   MB FINANCIAL, INC.

   By:   
Doria L. Koros    Mitchell Feiger
Corporate Secretary    President and Chief Executive Officer
 

C-3



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 211/219

Table of Contents

APPENDIX D

ATTACHMENT TO CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT TO THE
THIRD AMENDED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION

OF
FIFTH THIRD BANCORP, AS AMENDED

RESOLVED, that in accordance with Section 1701.70(B)(1) of the Ohio Revised Code and Article Fourth of the Third Amended Articles of
Incorporation of Fifth Third Bancorp (the “Corporation”), as amended, the Board of Directors hereby establishes the terms of the Corporation’s
preferred stock, with no par value (the “Preferred Stock”), as “6.00% Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series K,” pursuant to the following
resolutions.

RESOLVED, that Paragraph (A)(2)(h) of Article Fourth of the Third Amended Articles of Incorporation of Fifth Third Bancorp, as amended, be,
and it hereby is, renumbered as Paragraph (A)(2)(i), and a new Paragraph (A)(2)(h) of Article Fourth of the Third Amended Articles of Incorporation of
Fifth Third Bancorp, as amended, be, and it hereby is, added to read as follows:

(h) Section 1. Designation and Number of Shares. There is hereby created out of the authorized and unissued shares of preferred stock of the
corporation a series of preferred stock designated as the “6.00% Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series K” (“Series K Preferred Stock”). The
authorized number of shares of Series K Preferred Stock shall be 200,000 shares, with no par value, having a liquidation preference of $1,000 per share.
The number of shares constituting Series K Preferred Stock may be increased from time to time in accordance with Ohio law up to the maximum
number of shares of Preferred Stock authorized to be issued under the charter of the Corporation, as amended or supplemented, less all shares at the time
authorized of any other series of Preferred Stock, and any such additional shares of Series K Preferred Stock would form a single series with the shares
of Series K Preferred Stock already then issued. Shares of Series K Preferred Stock will be dated the date of issue. Shares of outstanding Series K
Preferred Stock that are redeemed, purchased or otherwise acquired by the Corporation, or converted into another series of Preferred Stock, shall be
cancelled and shall revert to authorized but unissued shares of Preferred Stock undesignated as to series.

Section 2. Definitions. The following terms are used in this Amendment as defined below:

(a)    “Business Day” means any weekday that is not a legal holiday in New York, New York and that is not a day on which banking institutions in
New York, New York or Cincinnati, Ohio are closed.

(b)    “Common Stock” means the common stock, with no par value, of the Corporation.

(c)    “Dividend Parity Stock” has the meaning set forth in Section 3(g).

(d)    “DTC” means The Depository Trust Company.

(e)    “Original Issue Date” means the date of issue of the Series K Preferred Stock.

(f)    “Regulatory Capital Treatment Event” means the good faith determination by the Corporation that, as a result of (1) any amendment to, or
change in, the laws or regulations of the United States or any political subdivision of or in the United States that is enacted or becomes effective after the
initial issuance of any share of Series K Preferred Stock; (2) any proposed change in those laws or regulations that is announced after the initial issuance
of any share of Series K Preferred Stock; or (3) any official administrative decision or judicial decision or administrative action or other official
pronouncement interpreting or applying those laws or regulations that is announced after the initial issuance of any share of Series K Preferred Stock,
there is more than an insubstantial risk that the Corporation will not be entitled to treat the full liquidation value of the shares of Series K Preferred
Stock then outstanding as “Tier 1 Capital” (or its equivalent) for purposes of the capital adequacy regulations and guidelines of Regulation Q of the
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (or, as and if applicable, the capital adequacy guidelines or regulations of any successor appropriate
federal banking agency), as then in effect and applicable, for as long as any share of Series K Preferred Stock is outstanding.
 

D-1



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 212/219

Table of Contents

(g)    “Series K Dividend Payment Date” has the meaning set forth in Section 4(b).

(h)    “Series K Dividend Period” means the period from and including a Series K Dividend Payment Date to but excluding the next Series K
Dividend Payment Date, except that the initial Series K Dividend Period will commence on and include the Original Issue Date of the Series K
Preferred Stock and will end on and include [●].

(i)    “Series K Junior Securities” has the meaning set forth in Section 3(a).

(j)    “Series K Parity Securities” has the meaning set forth in Section 3(b).

(k)    “Series K Senior Securities” has the meaning set forth in Section 3(c).

Section 3. Ranking.

The shares of Series K Preferred Stock shall rank:

(a) senior, as to dividends and, upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, in the distribution of assets, to the Common Stock,
and to any other class or series of capital stock of the Corporation now or hereafter authorized, issued or outstanding that, by its terms, does not
expressly provide that it ranks pari passu with or senior to the Series K Preferred Stock as to dividends and upon liquidation, dissolution and winding up
of the Corporation, in the distribution of assets, as the case may be (collectively, “Series K Junior Securities”);

(b)    on a parity, as to dividends and, upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, in the distribution of assets, with the
Corporation’s outstanding Series H Preferred Stock, Series I Preferred Stock and Series J Preferred Stock and any other class or series of capital stock of
the Corporation now or hereafter authorized, issued or outstanding that, by its terms, expressly provides that it ranks pari passu with the Series K
Preferred Stock as to dividends and, upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, in the distribution of assets, as the case may be
(collectively, “Series K Parity Securities”); and

(c)    junior, to each other class or series of capital stock of the Corporation, now or hereafter authorized, issued or outstanding that, by its terms,
expressly provides that it ranks senior to the Series K Preferred Stock as to dividends or, upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation,
in the distribution of assets (collectively, “Series K Senior Securities”).

The Corporation may authorize and issue additional shares of Series K Junior Securities and Series K Parity Securities without the consent of the
holders of the Series K Preferred Stock.

Section 4. Dividends.

(a)    Holders of Series K Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by the Board or a duly authorized committee of the
Board, out of assets legally available for the payment of dividends under Ohio law, non-cumulative cash dividends based on the liquidation preference
of the Series K Preferred Stock at a rate equal to 6.00% per annum for each Series K Dividend Period from the Original Issue Date of the Series K
Preferred Stock to, but excluding, the redemption date of the Series K Preferred Stock, if any.

(b)    If declared by the Board or a duly authorized committee of the Board, dividends will be payable on the Series K Preferred Stock (each such
date, a “Series K Dividend Payment Date”) quarterly, in arrears, on March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31 of each year, beginning on [●].
If any Series K Dividend Payment Date is not a Business Day, then the payment will be made on the next Business Day without any adjustment to the
amount of dividends paid.

(c)    Dividends will be payable to holders of record of Series K Preferred Stock as they appear on the Corporation’s books on the applicable
record date, which shall be the 15th calendar day before the applicable
 

D-2



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 213/219

Table of Contents

Series K Dividend Payment Date, or such other record date, no earlier than 30 calendar days before the applicable Series K Dividend Payment Date, as
shall be fixed by the Board or a duly authorized committee of the Board.

(d)    Dividends payable on Series K Preferred Stock will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months. Dollar
amounts resulting from that calculation will be rounded to the nearest cent, with one-half cent being rounded upwards. Dividends on the Series K
Preferred Stock will cease to accrue on the redemption date, if any, unless the Corporation defaults in the payment of the redemption price of the Series
K Preferred Stock called for redemption.

(e)    Dividends on the Series K Preferred Stock will not be cumulative. If the Board or a duly authorized committee of the Board does not declare
a dividend on the Series K Preferred Stock in respect of a Series K Dividend Period, then no dividend shall be deemed to have accrued for such Series K
Dividend Period, be payable on the applicable Series K Dividend Payment Date or be cumulative, and the Corporation will have no obligation to pay
any dividend for that Series K Dividend Period, whether or not the Board or a duly authorized committee of the Board declares a dividend for any future
Series K Dividend Period with respect to the Series K Preferred Stock or any other class or series of the Corporation’s Preferred Stock.

(f) So long as any share of Series K Preferred Stock remains outstanding, unless the full dividends for the most recently completed Series K
Dividend Period have been declared and paid (or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof has been set aside) on all outstanding shares of
Series K Preferred Stock, during a Series K Dividend Period:

(1) no dividend shall be declared or paid or set aside for payment and no distribution shall be declared or made or set aside for payment on
any Series K Junior Securities (other than (i) a dividend payable solely in Series K Junior Securities or (ii) any dividend in connection with the
implementation of a stockholders’ rights plan, or the redemption or repurchase of any rights under any such plan); and

(2)    no shares of Series K Junior Securities shall be repurchased, redeemed or otherwise acquired for consideration by the Corporation,
directly or indirectly (other than (i) as a result of a reclassification of Series K Junior Securities for or into other Series K Junior Securities, (ii) the
exchange or conversion of one share of Series K Junior Securities for or into another share of Series K Junior Securities, (iii) through the use of the
proceeds of a substantially contemporaneous sale of other shares of Series K Junior Securities, (iv) purchases, redemptions or other acquisitions of
shares of Series K Junior Securities in connection with any employment contract, benefit plan or other similar arrangement with or for the benefit of
employees, officers, directors or consultants, (v) purchases of shares of Series K Junior Securities pursuant to a contractually binding requirement to buy
Series K Junior Securities existing prior to the most recently completed Series K Dividend Period, including under a contractually binding stock
repurchase plan or (vi) the purchase of fractional interests in shares of Series K Junior Securities pursuant to the conversion or exchange provisions of
such stock or the security being converted or exchanged), nor shall any monies be paid to or made available for a sinking fund for the redemption of any
such securities by the Corporation.

(g) On any Series K Dividend Payment Date for which full dividends are not paid, or declared and funds set aside therefor, upon the Series K
Preferred Stock and any shares of any class or series or any securities convertible into shares of any class or series of other equity securities designated
as ranking on a parity with the Series K Preferred Stock as to payment of dividends (“Dividend Parity Stock”), all dividends paid or declared for
payment on that Series K Dividend Payment Date with respect to the Series K Preferred Stock and the Dividend Parity Stock shall be shared: (i) first
ratably by the holders of any shares of such other series of Dividend Parity Stock who have the right to receive dividends with respect to Dividend
Payment Periods prior to the then-current Dividend Payment Period, in proportion to their respective amounts of the undeclared and unpaid dividends
relating to prior Dividend Payment Periods; and (ii) thereafter by the holders of the shares of Series K Preferred Stock and the Dividend Parity Stock on
a pro rata basis. Subject to the foregoing, and not otherwise, dividends (payable in cash, stock or otherwise), as may be determined by the Board or a
duly authorized committee of the Board, may be declared and paid on the Common Stock and any other Series K Junior Securities or any Series K
 

D-3



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 214/219

Table of Contents

Parity Securities from time to time out of any assets legally available for such payment, and the holders of Series K Preferred Stock shall not be entitled
to participate in any such dividend.

(h)    Dividends on the Series K Preferred Stock will not be declared, paid or set aside for payment to the extent such act would cause the
Corporation to fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations, including applicable capital adequacy guidelines.

Section 5. Liquidation.

(a)    Upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, holders of Series K Preferred Stock are entitled
to receive out of assets of the Corporation available for distribution to stockholders, after satisfaction of liabilities to creditors and subject to the rights of
holders of any Series K Senior Securities, before any distribution of assets is made to holders of Common Stock or any other Series K Junior Securities,
a liquidating distribution in the amount of the liquidation preference of $1,000 per share plus any declared and unpaid dividends, without regard to, or
accumulation of, any undeclared dividends. Holders of Series K Preferred Stock will not be entitled to any other amounts from the Corporation after
they have received their full liquidating distribution.

(b)    In any such distribution, if the assets of the Corporation are not sufficient to pay the liquidation preferences plus declared and unpaid
dividends in full to all holders of Series K Preferred Stock and all holders of Series K Parity Securities, if any, as to such distribution with the Series K
Preferred Stock, the amounts paid to the holders of Series K Preferred Stock and to the holders of all Series K Parity Securities, if any, will be paid pro
rata in accordance with the respective aggregate liquidating distribution owed to those holders. If the liquidation preference plus declared and unpaid
dividends has been paid in full to all holders of Series K Preferred Stock and Series K Parity Securities, if any, the holders of the Corporation’s Series K
Junior Securities shall be entitled to receive all remaining assets of the Corporation according to their respective rights and preferences.

(c)    For purposes of this section, the merger or consolidation of the Corporation with any other entity, including a merger or consolidation in
which the holders of Series K Preferred Stock receive cash, securities or property for their shares, or the sale, lease or exchange of all or substantially all
of the assets of the Corporation for cash, securities or other property, shall not constitute a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation.

Section 6. Redemption.

(a) Series K Preferred Stock is perpetual and has no maturity date. Series K Preferred Stock is not subject to any mandatory redemption, sinking
fund or other similar provisions. On and after November 25, 2022, Series K Preferred Stock will be redeemable at the option of the Corporation, in
whole or in part, from time to time, on any Series K Dividend Payment Date, at a redemption price equal to $1,000 per share, plus any declared and
unpaid dividends, without regard to, or accumulation of, any undeclared dividends, on the shares of Series K Preferred Stock called for redemption, to
but excluding the redemption date, upon notice given as provided in Subsection (b) below. Holders of Series K Preferred Stock will have no right to
require the redemption or repurchase of Series K Preferred Stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, within 90 days following the occurrence of a
Regulatory Capital Treatment Event, the Corporation, at its option, may redeem, at any time, all (but not less than all) of the shares of the Series K
Preferred Stock at the time outstanding, at a redemption price equal to $1,000 per share, plus any declared and unpaid dividends, without regard to, or
accumulation of, any undeclared dividends, on the shares of Series K Preferred Stock called for redemption, to but excluding the redemption date, upon
notice given as provided in Subsection (b) below.

(b) If shares of Series K Preferred Stock are to be redeemed, the notice of redemption shall be given by first class mail to the holders of record of
Series K Preferred Stock to be redeemed, mailed not less than 30 days nor more than 60 days prior to the date fixed for redemption thereof (provided
that, if the depositary shares representing Series K Preferred Stock are held in book-entry form through DTC, the Corporation may give such
 

D-4



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 215/219

Table of Contents

notice in any manner permitted by DTC). Each notice of redemption will include a statement setting forth: (i) the redemption date; (ii) the number of
shares of Series K Preferred Stock to be redeemed and, if less than all the shares held by such holder are to be redeemed, the number of such shares to be
redeemed from such holder; (iii) the redemption price; (iv) the place or places where the certificates evidencing shares of Series K Preferred Stock are to
be surrendered for payment of the redemption price; and (v) that dividends on the shares to be redeemed will cease to accrue on the redemption date. If
notice of redemption of any shares of Series K Preferred Stock has been duly given and if the funds necessary for such redemption have been set aside
by the Corporation for the benefit of the holders of any shares of Series K Preferred Stock so called for redemption, then, on and after the redemption
date, dividends will cease to accrue on such shares of Series K Preferred Stock, and such shares of Series K Preferred Stock shall no longer be deemed
outstanding and all rights of the holders of such shares of Series K Preferred Stock will terminate, except the right to receive the redemption price plus
any declared and unpaid dividends, to but excluding the redemption date.

(c) In case of any redemption of only part of the shares of Series K Preferred Stock at the time outstanding, the shares to be redeemed shall be
selected either pro rata or by lot. Subject to the provisions hereof, the Board shall have full power and authority to prescribe the terms and conditions
upon which shares of Series K Preferred Stock shall be redeemed from time to time.

(d) Any redemption of the Series K Preferred Stock is subject to receipt by the Corporation of any required prior approval by the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System (including any successor appropriate federal banking agency) and to the satisfaction of any conditions set
forth in the capital regulations or guidelines of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (including any successor appropriate federal
banking agency) applicable to redemption of the Series K Preferred Stock.

Section 7. Voting Rights.

Except as required by Ohio law, holders of the Series K Preferred Stock will not have any voting rights and will not be entitled to elect any
directors. In situations in which Ohio law requires mandatory voting rights for a class of shares, the corporation will, unless prohibited by Ohio law, treat
each series of the Corporation’s preferred stock, including the Series K Preferred Stock, as a separate class for voting purposes.

Section 8. Conversion Rights. The holders of shares of Series K Preferred Stock shall not have any rights to convert such shares into shares of any other
class or series of securities of the Corporation.

Section 9. Preemptive Rights. The holders of shares of Series K Preferred Stock will have no preemptive rights with respect to any shares of the
Corporation’s capital stock or any of its other securities convertible into or carrying rights or options to purchase any such capital stock.

Section 10. Certificates. The Corporation may at its option issue shares of Series K Preferred Stock without certificates.

Section 11. Transfer Agent. The duly appointed transfer agent for the Series K Preferred Stock shall be American Stock Transfer and Trust Company,
LLC. The Corporation may, in its sole discretion, remove the transfer agent in accordance with the agreement between the Corporation and the transfer
agent; provided that the Corporation shall appoint a successor transfer agent who shall accept such appointment prior to the effectiveness of such
removal. Upon any such removal or appointment, the Corporation shall send notice thereof by first-class mail, postage prepaid, to the holders of the
Series K Preferred Stock.

Section 12. Registrar. The duly appointed registrar for the Series K Preferred Stock shall be American Stock Transfer and Trust Company, LLC. The
Corporation may, in its sole discretion, remove the registrar in accordance with the agreement between the Corporation and the registrar; provided that
the Corporation shall appoint a successor registrar who shall accept such appointment prior to the effectiveness of such removal. Upon any such removal
or appointment, the Corporation shall send notice thereof by first-class mail, postage prepaid, to the holders of the Series K Preferred Stock.
 

D-5



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 216/219

Table of Contents

Section 13. Notices. All notices or communications in respect of the Series K Preferred Stock shall be sufficiently given if given in writing and delivered
in person or by first class mail, postage prepaid, or if given in such other manner as may be permitted herein, in the articles of incorporation or code of
regulations of the Corporation or by applicable law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if shares of Series K Preferred Stock or depositary shares
representing an interest in shares of Series K Preferred Stock are issued or held in book-entry form through DTC or any other similar facility, notice of
redemption may be given to the holders thereof at such time and in any manner permitted by such facility.
 

D-6



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 217/219

Table of Contents

 

 
TO VOTE, MARK BLOCKS BELOW IN BLUE OR BLACK INK AS FOLLOWS:

  E50315-S75112                                                KEEP THIS PORTION FOR YOUR  RECORDS
— — — — — — — — — — — —  — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —  — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — 
— — — — — — — —

THIS PROXY CARD IS VALID ONLY WHEN SIGNED AND DATED.                     DETACH AND RETURN THIS PORTION ONLY
 

 
MB FINANCIAL, INC.          

        
        
  

       
  The Board of Directors recommends you vote FOR each of the following proposals, each as further described in the accompanying proxy statement/prospectus:    For     Against     Abstain  
  

 

 

1.

 

A proposal (the “common stockholder merger proposal”) to approve the merger of MB Financial, Inc. (“MB Financial”) with a subsidiary of Fifth Third Bancorp (“Fifth Third”)
pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of May 20, 2018 (as such agreement may from time to time be amended), by and among Fifth Third, Fifth Third
Financial Corporation (“Intermediary”) and MB Financial. Such merger will occur through the merger of MB Financial with and into Intermediary, with Intermediary as the
surviving corporation (the “direct merger”), if the holders of MB Financial’s 6.00% Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series C (“MB Financial preferred stock”),
separately approve the direct merger, or through the merger of a newly-formed subsidiary of Fifth Third with and into MB Financial, with MB Financial as the surviving
corporation (the “alternative merger” and together with the direct merger, the “merger”), if the holders of MB Financial preferred stock fail to separately approve the direct
merger.  

☐

 

☐

 

☐

  

 

 
2.

 
A proposal (the “charter amendment proposal”) to approve an amendment to the charter of MB Financial and the articles supplementary to the charter of MB Financial relating
to the MB Financial preferred stock that would give the holders of MB Financial preferred stock the right to vote with the holders of MB Financial common stock as a single
class on all matters submitted to a vote of such common stockholders, to become effective immediately prior to consummation of the alternative merger in the event the
holders of MB Financial preferred stock fail to separately approve the direct merger.  

☐
 

☐
 
☐

  

  
3.

 
A proposal to approve, on a non-binding, advisory basis, the compensation to be paid to MB Financial’s named executive officers that is based on or otherwise relates to the
merger.  ☐  ☐  ☐

  

  
4.

 
A proposal to approve one or more adjournments of the Meeting, if necessary or appropriate to permit further solicitation of proxies from the holders of MB Financial common
stock in favor of the common stockholder merger proposal and/or the charter amendment proposal.  ☐  ☐  ☐

  

  NOTE: The undersigned acknowledges receipt from MB Financial, prior to the execution of this proxy, of a proxy statement/prospectus for the Meeting. In their discretion, theproxies are authorized to vote on any other business that may come before the Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof.     
  

 
 For address changes/comments, mark here. (see reverse for instructions)                                       ☐     

  

  Please sign exactly as your name(s) appear(s) hereon. When signing as attorney, executor, administrator, or other fiduciary, please give full title as such. Joint owners should eachsign personally. All holders must sign. If a corporation or partnership, please sign in full corporate or partnership name by authorized officer.     
  

      
 

    
 

             
  

Signature [PLEASE SIGN WITHIN BOX]
  

Date
    

Signature (Joint Owners)
  

Date
    

 

MB FINANCIAL, INC.
6111 N. RIVER ROAD
ROSEMONT, IL 60018

VOTE BY INTERNET - www.proxyvote.com
Use the Internet to transmit your voting instructions and for electronic delivery of
information up until 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time the day before the meeting date.
Have your proxy card in hand when you access the web site and follow the
instructions to obtain your records and to create an electronic voting instruction
form.
 
VOTE BY PHONE - 1-800-690-6903
Use any touch-tone telephone to transmit your voting instructions up until
11:59 p.m. Eastern Time the day before the meeting date. Have your proxy card
in hand when you call and then follow the instructions.
 
VOTE BY MAIL
Mark, sign and date your proxy card and return it in the postage-paid envelope
we have provided or return it to Vote Processing, c/o Broadridge, 51 Mercedes
Way, Edgewood, NY 11717.  



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 218/219

Table of Contents

 

 
Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Special Meeting:

The Proxy Statement/Prospectus is available at www.proxyvote.com.

 
— — — — — — — — — — — —  — — — — — — — — — — — —  — — — — — — — —  — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — 
— — — — — — — —

E50316-S75112          
 

    

 
MB FINANCIAL, INC.

THIS PROXY IS SOLICITED ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS – SEPTEMBER 18, 2018   

  

  

The undersigned hereby appoints Mitchell Feiger, Charles J. Gries and James N. Hallene, and each of them, with full power of
substitution, acting by a majority of those present and voting, or if only one is present and voting then that one, to act as attorneys
and proxies for the undersigned to vote, as indicated herein, all shares of common stock of MB Financial, Inc. (“MB Financial”)
which the undersigned is entitled to vote at the Special Meeting of Stockholders of MB Financial (the “Meeting”), to be held on
Tuesday, September 18, 2018, at MB Financial Center, located at 6111 North River Road, Rosemont, Illinois, at 8:30 a.m., local
time, and at any and all adjournments or postponements thereof, with all the powers the undersigned would possess if present.   

  

   
THIS PROXY WILL BE VOTED AS DIRECTED, BUT IF NO INSTRUCTIONS ARE SPECIFIED, THIS PROXY
WILL BE VOTED FOR APPROVAL OF EACH OF THE PROPOSALS LISTED ON THE REVERSE SIDE.    

  

   

PLEASE PROMPTLY COMPLETE, DATE, SIGN AND MAIL THIS PROXY IN THE ENCLOSED POSTAGE-PAID
ENVELOPE. YOU MAY INSTEAD VOTE BY TELEPHONE OR THE INTERNET BY FOLLOWING THE
INSTRUCTIONS ON THE REVERSE SIDE.
    

               
 

   
 

   Address Changes/Comments:        
              
                  
   

 

    (If you noted any Address Changes and/or Comments above, please mark corresponding box on the reverse side.)      
  

     Continued and to be signed on reverse side    
           



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1139812/000119312518238250/d592854ddefm14a.htm 219/219

Table of Contents

 
TO VOTE, MARK BLOCKS BELOW IN BLUE OR BLACK INK AS FOLLOWS:   E50393-S74631

          

                 

  
 
Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for
the Shareholder Meeting. The following material is available at
www.proxyvote.com: Proxy Statement/Prospectus           

  

                 

          
PLEASE “X” HERE ONLY IF YOU PLAN TO ATTEND THE MEETING AND
VOTE THESE SHARES IN PERSON   ☐      

   The Board of Directors recommends you vote FOR the following proposals:   For   Against  Abstain
  

  

 1.  

 

A proposal (the “preferred stockholder merger proposal”) to approve the merger of MB Financial, Inc. (“MB Financial”) with and into Fifth Third
Financial Corporation (“Intermediary”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Fifth Third Bancorp (“Fifth Third”), with Intermediary surviving the merger,
pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of May 20, 2018 (as such agreement may from time to time be amended), by and among
Fifth Third, Intermediary and MB Financial.   

☐
  

☐
  

☐

  

  
 2.  

 
A proposal to approve one or more adjournments of the Meeting, if necessary or appropriate to permit further solicitation of proxies in favor of the
preferred stockholder merger proposal.   ☐   ☐   ☐

  

            
    Yes  No         

  
 
HOUSEHOLDING ELECTION - Please indicate if
you consent to receive certain future investor
communications in a single package per household.   

☐
  
☐

        !
  

             
    

                                                     
   Signature [PLEASE SIGN WITHIN BOX]  Date              
                           

    MB FINANCIAL, INC.SPECIAL MEETING FOR HOLDERS AS OF 8/1/18
TO BE HELD ON 9/18/18

Your vote is important. Thank you for voting.
 

 

 

Read the Proxy Statement/Prospectus and have the voting instruction
form below at hand. Please note that the telephone and Internet
voting turns off at 11:59 p.m. ET the night before the meeting date.    

  

 Vote by Internet:   www.proxyvote.com   
  

 Vote by Phone:   1-800-454-8683   
  

 Vote by Mail:   Use the envelope enclosed    


