







































10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 1/209

DEFM14A 1 d592610ddefm14a.htm DEFM14A

Table of Contents

UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

SCHEDULE 14A
(Rule 14a-101)

INFORMATION REQUIRED IN PROXY STATEMENT

SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION
Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934
(Amendment No.     )

Filed by the Registrant ☒                Filed by a Party other than the Registrant ☐

Check the appropriate box:
 

☐ Preliminary Proxy Statement
 

☐ Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2))
 

☒ Definitive Proxy Statement
 

☐ Definitive Additional Materials
 

☐ Soliciting Material pursuant to § 240.14a-12

KERYX BIOPHARMACEUTICALS, INC.
(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

N/A
(Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if Other Than the Registrant)

Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box):
 

☒ No fee required.
 

☐ Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11.
 

 (1) Title of each class of securities to which transaction applies:
 
 (2) Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies:
 
 

(3) Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11 (set forth the amount on which the
filing fee is calculated and state how it was determined):

 
 (4) Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction:
 
 (5) Total fee paid:
 
☐ Fee paid previously with preliminary materials.
 

☐ Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing for which the offsetting fee was paid
previously. Identify the previous filing by registration statement number, or the Form or Schedule and the date of its filing.

 

 (1) Amount Previously Paid:
 
 (2) Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.:
 
 (3) Filing Party:
 



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 2/209

 (4) Date Filed:



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 3/209

Table of Contents

   
MERGER PROPOSAL—YOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT

October 30, 2018
 

 
Dear Shareholders of Keryx Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. and Shareholders of Akebia Therapeutics, Inc.:

As previously announced, the Boards of Directors of Keryx Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. (“Keryx”) and Akebia Therapeutics, Inc. (“Akebia”) have unanimously approved a merger. Keryx,
Akebia, and Alpha Therapeutics Merger Sub, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Akebia ( “Merger Sub”), entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of June 28, 2018, as
amended on October 1, 2018 (and as amended from time to time, the “Merger Agreement”), pursuant to which Merger Sub will merge with and into Keryx, with Keryx becoming a wholly
owned subsidiary of Akebia (the “Merger”). The combined company will keep the name Akebia Therapeutics, Inc. Upon consummation of the Merger, each issued and outstanding share of
common stock of Keryx, $0.001 par value per share (“Keryx Share”), will be converted into the right to receive 0.37433 shares (the “Exchange Multiplier”) of common stock of Akebia, par
value $0.00001 per share (“Akebia Share”), and cash in lieu of fractional shares. This Exchange Multiplier will not be adjusted for changes in the market price of either Keryx Shares or
Akebia Shares between the date of signing of the Merger Agreement and consummation of the Merger. Because Akebia’s share price will fluctuate between the date of signing and the
completion of the Merger, and because the Exchange Multiplier is fixed and will not be adjusted to reflect changes in Akebia’s or Keryx’s share price, the value of the Akebia Shares received
by Keryx shareholders in the Merger may differ from the implied value based on the share price on the date of signing of the Merger Agreement or the date of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. We urge you to obtain current share price quotations for Akebia Shares and Keryx Shares.

Immediately following the effective time of the Merger, Keryx shareholders and Akebia shareholders are expected to own approximately 50.6% and 49.4%, respectively, of Akebia
Shares, calculated based on the companies’ fully diluted market capitalizations as of the date of signing of the Merger Agreement and also taking into account the 4,000,000 additional Keryx
Shares expected to be issued to Baupost Group Securities, L.L.C. in connection with the conversion under that certain Notes Conversion Agreement prior to the consummation of the Merger.
Keryx Shares and Akebia Shares are currently listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market and The Nasdaq Global Market, respectively, under the symbols “KERX” and “AKBA,” respectively.
Following the Merger, Akebia Shares will continue to be listed on The Nasdaq Global Market under Akebia’s current symbol, “AKBA.” Following the consummation of the Merger, Keryx
Shares will no longer be listed on any stock exchange or quotation system, and Keryx will cease to be a publicly traded company. Akebia will continue as the combined company, with Keryx
as its wholly owned subsidiary.

To obtain the approvals of the Keryx shareholders and the Akebia shareholders required in connection with the Merger, Keryx will hold a special meeting of its shareholders (the “Keryx
Special Meeting”) and Akebia will hold a special meeting of its shareholders (the “Akebia Special Meeting”).

At the Keryx Special Meeting, Keryx shareholders will be asked to consider and vote on, among other things, a proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement (the “Keryx Merger Proposal”).
At the Akebia Special Meeting, Akebia shareholders will be asked to consider and vote on, among other things, the issuance of Akebia Shares in connection with the Merger (the

“Akebia Share Issuance Proposal”).
We cannot consummate the Merger unless the shareholders of Keryx approve the Keryx Merger Proposal and the shareholders of Akebia approve the Akebia Share Issuance Proposal,

each as described herein. Your vote is very important, regardless of the number of shares you own. Whether or not you expect to attend either the Keryx Special Meeting or the Akebia
Special Meeting in person, please submit a proxy to vote your shares as promptly as possible so that your shares may be represented and voted at the Keryx Special Meeting or
Akebia Special Meeting, as applicable.

The Keryx Board of Directors has carefully considered and unanimously approved the Merger Agreement and determined that the Merger Agreement and the transactions
contemplated thereby, including the Merger, are advisable and in the best interests of Keryx and its shareholders. The Keryx Board of Directors unanimously recommends that
Keryx shareholders vote “FOR” the Keryx Merger Proposal and “FOR” each of the other proposals to be considered at the Keryx Special Meeting and described in the
accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus.

The Akebia Board of Directors has carefully considered and unanimously approved the Merger Agreement and determined that the Merger Agreement and the transactions
contemplated thereby, including the Merger, are advisable and in the best interests of Akebia and its shareholders. The Akebia Board of Directors unanimously recommends that
Akebia shareholders vote “FOR” the Akebia Share Issuance Proposal and “FOR” each of the other proposals to be considered at the Akebia Special Meeting and described in the
accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus.
 

 
The obligations of Keryx and Akebia to consummate the Merger are subject to the satisfaction or waiver of several conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement,

including receipt of shareholder approval for the required proposals described above. The accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus contains detailed information
about Keryx, Akebia, the Keryx Special Meeting, the Akebia Special Meeting, the Merger Agreement, the Merger and the other business to be considered by the Keryx
shareholders and Akebia shareholders at the Keryx Special Meeting and the Akebia Special Meeting, respectively. Keryx and Akebia encourage you to read the
accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus carefully. In particular, you should read the “Risk Factors” section beginning on page 39 of the accompanying
joint proxy statement/prospectus for a discussion of the risks you should consider in evaluating the Merger and how it will affect you.

On behalf of the Keryx Board of Directors and the Akebia Board of Directors, thank you for your consideration and continued support.
 

Michael Rogers
Chairperson of the Board

Keryx Biopharmaceuticals, Inc.   

Muneer A. Satter
Chairperson of the Board
Akebia Therapeutics, Inc.

Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of the Merger, the securities to be issued in connection
with the Merger or any other transaction described in the accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus or passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of the disclosure in the
accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.

The accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus is dated October 30, 2018 and is first being mailed to the Keryx shareholders and Akebia shareholders on or about October 31,
2018.



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 4/209

Table of Contents

KERYX BIOPHARMACEUTICALS, INC.
One Marina Park Drive, 12th Floor

Boston, Massachusetts 02210

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
TO BE HELD ON DECEMBER 11, 2018

To the Shareholders of Keryx Biopharmaceuticals, Inc.:

We cordially invite you to attend a special meeting of the shareholders of Keryx Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. (“Keryx”) being held in connection with
a proposed merger with Akebia Therapeutics, Inc. (“Akebia”). On June 28, 2018, Akebia, Keryx and Alpha Therapeutics Merger Sub, Inc., a wholly
owned subsidiary of Akebia (“Merger Sub”), entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of June 28, 2018, as amended on October 1, 2018
(and as amended from time to time, the “Merger Agreement”), pursuant to which Merger Sub will merge with and into Keryx, with Keryx surviving as a
wholly owned subsidiary of Akebia (the “Merger”).

The special meeting will be held at 11 a.m. local time, on December 11, 2018, at the offices of Goodwin Procter LLP, which are located at 100
Northern Avenue, Boston, Massachusetts 02210 (the “Keryx Special Meeting”). At the Keryx Special Meeting, you will be asked to consider and vote
upon the following proposals:
 

 
1. Keryx Merger Proposal. To adopt the Merger Agreement, a copy of which is attached as Annex A to the accompanying joint proxy

statement/prospectus, and thereby approve the Merger and other transactions contemplated thereby (the “Keryx Merger Proposal”);
 

 
2. Keryx Adjournment Proposal. To approve adjournments of the Keryx Special Meeting from time to time, if necessary or appropriate to

solicit additional proxies in favor of the Keryx Merger Proposal if there are insufficient votes at the time of such adjournment to approve
such proposal (the “Keryx Adjournment Proposal”); and

 

 

3. Keryx Advisory Compensation Proposal. To approve, on a non-binding, advisory basis, the compensation that may become payable to
Keryx’s named executive officers that is based on or otherwise relates to the Merger, as disclosed in “The Merger—Interests of Keryx’s
Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger” beginning on page 126 of the accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus (the
“Keryx Advisory Compensation Proposal” and together with the Keryx Merger Proposal and the Keryx Adjournment Proposal, the
“Keryx Proposals”).

Approval of the Keryx Merger Proposal is required for the consummation of the Merger. Neither the approval of the Keryx Adjournment Proposal
nor the approval of the Keryx Advisory Compensation Proposal is required for the consummation of the Merger. The Keryx Board of Directors (the
“Keryx Board”) is not aware of any other business to be acted upon at the Keryx Special Meeting.

Approval of the Keryx Merger Proposal requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of all outstanding shares of Keryx common
stock, $0.001 par value per share (the “Keryx Shares”), entitled to vote at the Keryx Special Meeting. Approval of the Keryx Adjournment Proposal and
the Keryx Advisory Compensation Proposal require the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting interest of the shares present, in
person or by proxy, and entitled to vote on the applicable proposal at the Keryx Special Meeting.



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 5/209

Table of Contents

Each of the Keryx Merger Proposal, Keryx Adjournment Proposal, and Keryx Advisory Compensation Proposal is described in more detail in the
accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus, which you should read carefully in its entirety.

The failure of any shareholder of record of Keryx to submit a signed proxy card, grant a proxy electronically over the Internet or by telephone or
to vote in person by ballot at the Keryx Special Meeting will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the Keryx Merger Proposal, but will not have
an effect on the outcome of the Keryx Adjournment Proposal or the Keryx Advisory Compensation Proposal. If you hold your shares in “street name,”
failure to instruct your bank, broker, or other nominee on how to vote your shares will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the Keryx Merger
Proposal, but will not have any effect on the Keryx Adjournment Proposal or the Keryx Advisory Compensation Proposal. Abstentions will have the
same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the Keryx Merger Proposal, the Keryx Adjournment Proposal and the Keryx Advisory Compensation Proposal.

The Keryx Board has set October 22, 2018 as the record date for the Keryx Special Meeting. Only holders of record of Keryx Shares as of 5:00
p.m. U.S. Eastern Time on October 22, 2018 will be entitled to notice of and to vote at the Keryx Special Meeting and any adjournments thereof. Any
shareholder entitled to attend and vote at the Keryx Special Meeting is entitled to appoint a proxy to attend and vote on such shareholder’s behalf. Such
proxy need not be a holder of Keryx Shares.

Your vote is very important. To ensure your representation at the Keryx Special Meeting, please complete and return the enclosed proxy
card or submit your proxy by telephone or through the Internet. Please submit your proxy promptly whether or not you expect to attend the Keryx
Special Meeting. Submitting a proxy now will not prevent you from being able to vote in person at the Keryx Special Meeting. If your Keryx Shares are
held in “street name” in the name of a bank, broker, or other nominee, follow the instructions on the voting instruction card furnished to you by such
bank, broker, or other nominee.

The Keryx Board has unanimously approved the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, and has determined that
the Merger Agreement and the Merger are advisable, fair to, and in the best interests of Keryx and its shareholders. The Keryx Board therefore
unanimously recommends that you vote “FOR” the Keryx Merger Proposal, “FOR” the Keryx Adjournment Proposal and “FOR” the Keryx
Advisory Compensation Proposal.
 

By Order of the Board of Directors,

Jodie Morrison
Interim Chief Executive Officer

Boston, Massachusetts
October 30, 2018



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 6/209

Table of Contents

YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT!

WHETHER OR NOT YOU EXPECT TO ATTEND THE KERYX SPECIAL MEETING IN PERSON, WE URGE YOU TO SUBMIT
YOUR PROXY AS PROMPTLY AS POSSIBLE (1) VIA THE INTERNET, (2) BY TELEPHONE OR (3) BY MARKING, SIGNING AND
DATING THE ENCLOSED KERYX PROXY CARD AND RETURNING IT IN THE POSTAGE-PAID ENVELOPE PROVIDED. IF YOU
ATTEND THE KERYX SPECIAL MEETING AND WISH TO VOTE YOUR KERYX SHARES IN PERSON, YOU MAY DO SO AT ANY
TIME PRIOR TO CLOSING OF THE POLLS. You may revoke your proxy or change your vote at any time before the polls close at the Keryx
Special Meeting. If your Keryx Shares are held in “street name” in the name of a bank, broker, or other nominee holder of record, please follow the
instructions on the voting instruction form furnished to you by such record holder.

We urge you to read the accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus, including all documents incorporated by reference into the
accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus, and its annexes and exhibits carefully and in their entirety. If you have any questions concerning the
Merger Agreement, the Merger, the Keryx Proposals, the Keryx Special Meeting or the accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus, would like
additional copies of the accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus or need help voting your Keryx Shares, please contact:
 

1290 Avenue of the Americas, 9th Floor
New York, NY 10104

Toll-Free: (888) 680-1525

or
 

One Marina Park Drive, 12th Floor
Boston, MA 02210

Attention: Investor Relations
Telephone: (617) 466-3500



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 7/209

Table of Contents

AKEBIA THERAPEUTICS, INC.

245 First Street
Cambridge, Massachusetts 02142

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
TO BE HELD ON DECEMBER 11, 2018

To the Shareholders of Akebia Therapeutics, Inc.:

We cordially invite you to attend a special meeting of the shareholders of Akebia Therapeutics, Inc. (“Akebia”) being held in connection with a
proposed merger with Keryx Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. (“Keryx”). On June 28, 2018, Akebia, Keryx, and Alpha Therapeutics Merger Sub, Inc., a wholly
owned subsidiary of Akebia (“Merger Sub”), entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of June 28, 2018, as amended on October 1, 2018
(and as amended from time to time, the “Merger Agreement”), pursuant to which Merger Sub will merge with and into Keryx, with Keryx surviving as a
wholly owned subsidiary of Akebia (the “Merger”).

The special meeting will take place at 11 a.m. local time, on December 11, 2018, at the offices of Latham & Watkins LLP, which are located at
200 Clarendon Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02116 (the “Akebia Special Meeting”). At the Akebia Special Meeting, you will be asked to consider and
vote upon the following proposals:
 

 
1. Akebia Share Issuance Proposal. To approve the issuance of shares of common stock, par value $0.00001 per share, of Akebia (“Akebia

Shares”) in connection with the Merger (the “Akebia Share Issuance Proposal”); and
 

 

2. Akebia Adjournment Proposal. To approve adjournments of the Akebia Special Meeting from time to time, if necessary or appropriate,
including to solicit additional proxies in favor of the Akebia Share Issuance Proposal if there are insufficient votes at the time of such
adjournment to approve such proposal (the “Akebia Adjournment Proposal” and, together with the Akebia Share Issuance Proposal, the
“Akebia Proposals”).

The approval by Akebia shareholders of the Akebia Share Issuance Proposal is a condition to the consummation of the Merger. If the Akebia
Share Issuance Proposal is not approved, the Merger will not be consummated. The approval of the Akebia Adjournment Proposal is not required for the
consummation of the Merger. The Akebia Board of Directors (the “Akebia Board”) is not aware of any other business to be acted upon at the Akebia
Special Meeting.

Please refer to the accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus for further information with respect to the business to be transacted at the
Akebia Special Meeting.

The Akebia Board has set October 22, 2018 as the record date for the Akebia Special Meeting. Only holders of record of Akebia Shares as of 5:00
p.m. U.S. Eastern Time on October 22, 2018 will be entitled to notice of and to vote at the Akebia Special Meeting and any adjournments thereof. Any
shareholder entitled to attend and vote at the Akebia Special Meeting is entitled to appoint a proxy to attend and vote on such shareholder’s behalf. Such
proxy need not be a holder of Akebia Shares.

To be approved, the Akebia Share Issuance Proposal and the Akebia Adjournment Proposal require the affirmative vote of the holders of a
majority of the votes cast affirmatively or negatively thereon at the Akebia Special Meeting.



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 8/209

Table of Contents

The failure of any shareholder of record of Akebia to submit a signed proxy card, grant a proxy electronically over the Internet or by telephone or
to vote in person by ballot at the Akebia Special Meeting will not have an effect on the outcome of the Akebia Share Issuance Proposal or the Akebia
Adjournment Proposal. An abstention will have no effect on the outcome of the Akebia Share Issuance Proposal or the Akebia Adjournment Proposal. If
you hold your Akebia Shares in “street name” through a bank, broker, or other nominee and you do not instruct your bank, broker, or other nominee on
how to vote your shares, your bank, broker, or other nominee will not be permitted to vote your shares on any of the Akebia Proposals, which will have
no effect on the outcome of the Akebia Share Issuance Proposal or the Akebia Adjournment Proposal.

Your vote is very important. Whether or not you expect to attend the Akebia Special Meeting in person, we urge you to submit your
proxy with respect to your Akebia Shares as promptly as possible by: (1) accessing the Internet website specified on your proxy card; (2) calling
the toll-free number specified on your proxy card; or (3) signing and returning the enclosed proxy card in the postage-paid envelope provided,
to ensure that your Akebia Shares are represented and voted at the Akebia Special Meeting. Submitting a proxy now will not prevent you from
being able to vote in person at the Akebia Special Meeting. If your Akebia Shares are held in “street name” in the name of a bank, broker, or other
nominee, please follow the instructions on the voting instruction card furnished by the record holder.

The Akebia Board has unanimously approved the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the issuance
of Akebia Shares, and has determined that the Merger Agreement and the Merger, including the issuance of Akebia Shares, are advisable, fair
to, and in the best interests of Akebia and its shareholders. The Akebia Board unanimously recommends that you vote “FOR” the Akebia
Share Issuance Proposal and “FOR” the Akebia Adjournment Proposal.
 

By Order of the Board of Directors,

John P. Butler
President and Chief Executive Officer

Cambridge, Massachusetts
October 30, 2018



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 9/209

Table of Contents

YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT!

WHETHER OR NOT YOU EXPECT TO ATTEND THE AKEBIA SPECIAL MEETING IN PERSON, WE URGE YOU TO SUBMIT
YOUR PROXY AS PROMPTLY AS POSSIBLE (1) VIA THE INTERNET, (2) BY TELEPHONE OR (3) BY MARKING, SIGNING AND
DATING THE ENCLOSED AKEBIA PROXY CARD AND RETURNING IT IN THE POSTAGE-PAID ENVELOPE PROVIDED. IF YOU
ATTEND THE AKEBIA SPECIAL MEETING AND WISH TO VOTE YOUR AKEBIA SHARES IN PERSON, YOU MAY DO SO AT ANY
TIME PRIOR TO THE CLOSING OF THE POLLS AT THE SPECIAL MEETING. You may revoke your proxy or change your vote at any time
before the polls close at the Akebia Special Meeting. If your Akebia Shares are held in “street name” in the name of a bank, broker, or other nominee
holder of record, please follow the instructions on the voting instruction form furnished to you by such record holder.

We urge you to read the accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus, including all documents incorporated by reference into the
accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus, and its annexes and exhibits carefully and in their entirety. If you have any questions concerning the
Merger Agreement, the Merger, the Akebia Proposals, the Akebia Special Meeting or the accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus, would like
additional copies of the accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus or need help voting your Akebia Shares, please contact:
 

1407 Broadway, 27th Floor
New York, NY 10018

Toll-Free: (800) 322-2885
Email: proxy@mackenziepartners.com

or
 

245 First Street
Cambridge, Massachusetts 02142

Attention: Investor Relations
Telephone: (617) 844-6130

http://ir.akebia.com/contact-investor-relations



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 10/209

Table of Contents

TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER AND THE SPECIAL MEETINGS    1 
SUMMARY    15 

Parties to the Merger    15 
The Merger    16 
Litigation Relating to the Merger    17 
The Combined Company Board and Management After the Merger    17 
Keryx’s Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of the Keryx Board    18 
Akebia’s Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of the Akebia Board    18 
Voting Agreements    18 
Voting by Keryx’s Directors and Executive Officers    19 
Voting by Akebia’s Directors and Executive Officers    19 
Opinion of Keryx’s Financial Advisor–MTS Securities, LLC    19 
Opinion of Akebia’s Financial Advisor–Evercore Group L.L.C.    20 
Opinion of Akebia’s Financial Advisor–J.P. Morgan Securities LLC    21 
The Merger Agreement    21 
Regulatory Approvals Required for the Merger    24 
Accounting Treatment    25 
Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences    25 
Interests of Keryx’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger    25 
Interests of Akebia’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger    26 
Appraisal Rights    26 
Comparison of Shareholder Rights    26 
Risk Factors    27 

SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA OF KERYX    28 
SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA OF AKEBIA    31 
SELECTED AKEBIA AND KERYX UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL DATA    34 
COMPARATIVE HISTORICAL AND UNAUDITED PRO FORMA PER SHARE DATA    36 
COMPARATIVE PER SHARE MARKET PRICE AND DIVIDEND INFORMATION    38 

Market Prices    38 
Holders    38 

RISK FACTORS    39 
Risks Related to the Merger    39 
Risks Related to the Business of the Combined Company After the Merger    46 
Risks Related to Keryx’s Business    51 
Risks Related to Akebia’s Business    51 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS    51 
THE KERYX SPECIAL MEETING    54 

Date, Time, and Place of the Keryx Special Meeting    54 
Purpose of the Keryx Special Meeting    54 
Recommendation of the Keryx Board    54 
Record Date for the Keryx Special Meeting and Quorum    54 
Required Vote    55 
Keryx Voting Agreement    55 
Voting by Keryx’s and Akebia’s Directors and Executive Officers    55 
Voting of Proxies; Incomplete Proxies    56 
Failures to Vote, Broker Non-Votes, and Abstentions    56 
Revocability of Proxies and Changes to a Keryx Shareholder’s Vote    57 
Solicitation of Proxies    58 
Adjournments    58 

 
i



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 11/209

Table of Contents

Postponements    58 
Attending the Keryx Special Meeting    59 
Shareholder List    59 
Assistance    59 

KERYX PROPOSALS    59 
Keryx Proposal 1: The Keryx Merger Proposal    59 
Keryx Proposal 2: The Keryx Adjournment Proposal    60 
Keryx Proposal 3: The Keryx Advisory Compensation Proposal    60 

THE AKEBIA SPECIAL MEETING    62 
Date, Time, and Place of the Akebia Special Meeting    62 
Purpose of the Akebia Special Meeting    62 
Recommendation of the Akebia Board    62 
Record Date for the Akebia Special Meeting and Quorum    62 
Required Vote    63 
Akebia Voting Agreement    63 
Voting by Akebia’s Directors and Executive Officers    63 
Voting of Proxies; Incomplete Proxies    63 
Failures to Vote, Broker Non-Votes, and Abstentions    64 
Revocability of Proxies and Changes to an Akebia Shareholder’s Vote    64 
Solicitation of Proxies    65 
Adjournments    65 
Postponements    65 
Attending the Akebia Special Meeting    65 
Shareholder List    66 
Assistance    66 

AKEBIA PROPOSALS    66 
Akebia Proposal 1: The Akebia Share Issuance Proposal    66 
Akebia Proposal 2: The Akebia Adjournment Proposal    67 

THE MERGER    68 
General Description of the Merger    68 
Consideration to be Received by the Keryx Shareholders    68 
Notes Conversion Transactions    68 
Background of the Merger    69 
Keryx’s Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of the Keryx Board    83 
Akebia’s Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of the Akebia Board    87 
Certain Keryx Management Unaudited Prospective Financial Information    91 
Opinion of Keryx’s Financial Advisor – MTS Securities, LLC    95 
Certain Akebia Management Unaudited Prospective Financial Information    108 
Opinion of Akebia’s Financial Advisor – Evercore Group L.L.C    112 
Opinion of Akebia’s Financial Advisor – J.P. Morgan Securities LLC    118 
The Combined Company Board and Management After the Merger    125 
Interests of Keryx’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger    126 
Quantification of Potential Payments to Keryx Named Executive Officers in Connection with the Merger    129 
Interests of Akebia’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger    132 
Regulatory Approvals Required for the Merger    135 
Accounting Treatment    135 
Listing of Akebia Shares    135 
Delisting and Deregistration of Keryx Shares    135 
Litigation Relating to the Merger    136 

MATERIAL U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES    136 
U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger to U.S. Holders of Keryx Shares    137 

 
ii



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 12/209

Table of Contents

THE MERGER AGREEMENT    138 
Explanatory Note Regarding the Merger Agreement and the Summary of the Merger Agreement    139 
Structure of the Merger    139 
Consummation and Effectiveness of the Merger    139 
Post-Closing Governance    139 
Merger Consideration    140 
Appraisal Rights    140 
Procedures for Surrendering Keryx Stock Certificates    140 
Treatment of Keryx Equity Awards    141 
Conditions to Consummation of the Merger    141 
Representations and Warranties    142 
Definition of “Material Adverse Effect”    143 
Conduct of Business Pending the Merger    144 
Obligations to Call Special Meetings    146 
Obligations to Recommend the Approval of the Merger Agreement and the Approval of the Akebia Share Issuance Proposal    147 
No Solicitation    147 
Appropriate Action Covenant    150 
Indemnification Covenant    150 
Employee Matters    151 
Other Agreements    151 
Termination of the Merger Agreement    152 
Termination Fees and Expenses    153 
Exclusive Remedy    155 
Other Expenses    156 
Specific Performance    156 
Third-Party Beneficiaries    156 
Amendments; Waivers    156 

AKEBIA AND KERYX UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    156 
DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK    170 

General    170 
Akebia Shares    170 
Preferred Stock    171 
Anti-Takeover Effects of the Akebia Charter and the Akebia Bylaws    171 

COMPARISON OF SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS    172 
SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT OF KERYX    178 
SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT OF AKEBIA    181 
LEGAL MATTERS    182 
EXPERTS    183 
KERYX ANNUAL MEETING SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS    183 
AKEBIA ANNUAL MEETING SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS    183 
INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN DOCUMENTS BY REFERENCE    185 
WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION    186 
Annex  A—Merger Agreement and First Amendment to the Merger Agreement    A-1 
Annex B—Opinion of MTS Securities, LLC    B-1 
Annex C—Opinion of Evercore Group LLC    C-1 
Annex D—Opinion of J.P. Morgan Securities LLC    D-1 
 

iii



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 13/209

Table of Contents

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER AND THE SPECIAL MEETINGS

The following are brief answers to certain questions that you may have regarding the Merger Agreement, the Merger, the issuance of Akebia
Shares in connection with the Merger, the Keryx Special Meeting, the Akebia Special Meeting and the Merger Consideration (each as defined below).
You are urged to read carefully this entire joint proxy statement/prospectus and additional important information contained in the annexes and exhibits
to, and the documents incorporated by reference into, this joint proxy statement/prospectus because the information in this section may not provide all of
the information that might be important to you in determining how to vote. See “Incorporation of Certain Documents by Reference” and “Where You
Can Find More Information” beginning on pages 185 and 186, respectively, in this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

 
Q: What is the proposed transaction?
 

A: On June 28, 2018, Keryx Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. (“Keryx”), Akebia Therapeutics, Inc. (“Akebia”), and Alpha Therapeutics Merger Sub, Inc., a
wholly owned direct subsidiary of Akebia (“Merger Sub”), entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, as amended on October 1, 2018 (and as
amended from time to time, the “Merger Agreement”). The merger contemplated by the Merger Agreement will be implemented through a merger
of Merger Sub with and into Keryx, with Keryx becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of Akebia (the “Merger”).

In the Merger, each share of common stock of Keryx, par value $0.001 per share (“Keryx Share”), issued and outstanding (other than shares held
by Akebia, Merger Sub, any subsidiaries of Akebia or Keryx, or by Keryx as treasury shares) immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger
(the “Effective Time”) will become the right to receive 0.37433 shares (the “Exchange Multiplier”) of common stock of Akebia, par value
$0.00001 per share (“Akebia Shares”), and cash in lieu of fractional shares (such consideration, the “Merger Consideration”).

Immediately following the Effective Time, Keryx shareholders and Akebia shareholders are expected to own approximately 50.6% and 49.4%,
respectively, of the Akebia Shares, based on the companies’ fully diluted market capitalizations as of the date of signing of the Merger Agreement
and also taking into account the 4,000,000 additional Keryx Shares (the “Additional Shares”) expected to be issued to Baupost Group Securities,
L.L.C. (“Baupost”) in connection with the conversion under that certain Notes Conversion Agreement, dated as of June 28, 2018, by and among
Keryx, Baupost and Akebia (the “Notes Conversion Agreement”) prior to the consummation of the Merger, as more fully described in “The
Merger—Notes Conversion Transactions” beginning on page 68 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

 
Q: Why are Keryx and Akebia proposing the Merger?
 

A: Each of the Keryx Board of Directors (the “Keryx Board”) and the Akebia Board of Directors (the “Akebia Board”) believes that the proposed
Merger will provide a number of significant potential strategic benefits and opportunities that will be in the best interests of the Keryx
shareholders and Akebia shareholders, respectively. To review the reasons for the proposed Merger in greater detail, see “The Merger—Keryx’s
Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of the Keryx Board” and “The Merger—Akebia’s Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of the
Akebia Board” beginning on pages 83 and 87, respectively, in this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

 
Q: Why am I receiving this joint proxy statement/prospectus?
 

A: Each of Keryx and Akebia is sending these materials to the Keryx shareholders and Akebia shareholders, respectively, as of the applicable record
date, to help the Keryx shareholders and the Akebia shareholders decide how to vote their Keryx Shares and/or their Akebia Shares, as the case
may be, with respect to the matters to be considered at the special meeting of shareholders of Keryx (the “Keryx Special Meeting”) and the special
meeting of shareholders of Akebia (the “Akebia Special Meeting”), respectively.

 
1



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 14/209

Table of Contents

Consummation of the Merger requires certain approvals by both Keryx shareholders and Akebia shareholders. To obtain these required approvals,
Keryx will hold the Keryx Special Meeting to request that the Keryx shareholders approve, among other things, a proposal to adopt the Merger
Agreement (the “Keryx Merger Proposal”), and Akebia will hold the Akebia Special Meeting to request that the Akebia shareholders approve,
among other things, the issuance of Akebia Shares in connection with the Merger (the “Akebia Share Issuance Proposal”). Further information
about the Keryx Special Meeting, the Akebia Special Meeting, the Merger Agreement, the Merger, and the issuance of Akebia Shares as the
Merger Consideration is contained in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. This joint proxy statement/prospectus constitutes both a joint proxy
statement of Keryx and Akebia and a prospectus of Akebia with respect to the Akebia Shares to be issued in connection with the Merger. It is a
joint proxy statement because it will be used by both Keryx in soliciting proxies from the Keryx shareholders and by Akebia in soliciting proxies
from the Akebia shareholders. It is a prospectus because Akebia, in connection with the Merger, is offering Akebia Shares in exchange for
outstanding Keryx Shares, as described in further detail elsewhere in this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

The enclosed proxy materials allow you to submit a proxy by telephone or over the Internet, or by signing and returning the enclosed proxy card
in the postage-paid envelope provided, without attending the applicable company’s special meeting in person.

Your vote is very important. You are encouraged to submit your proxy as soon as possible by telephone or over the Internet, or by signing and
returning the enclosed proxy card in the postage-paid envelope provided, even if you do plan to attend the Keryx Special Meeting or the Akebia
Special Meeting in person.

 
Q: What will Keryx shareholders receive in the Merger?
 

A: In the Merger, each Keryx Share issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than shares held by Akebia, Merger Sub,
any subsidiaries of Akebia or Keryx, or by Keryx as treasury shares) will become the right to receive 0.37433 shares of Akebia Shares. No
fractional Akebia Shares will be issued to Keryx shareholders in connection with the Merger. Instead, following the Effective Time, each former
holder of Keryx Shares who otherwise would be entitled to receive a fractional Akebia Share will receive an amount in cash (without interest)
determined by multiplying (i) the fraction of an Akebia Share that such holder would otherwise be entitled to receive (taking into account all
Keryx Shares held by such holder) by (ii) the prevailing prices of Akebia Shares on The Nasdaq Global Market.

 
Q: What will happen to my Akebia Shares?
 

A: Following the Effective Time, Akebia will be the combined company entity, with Keryx as its wholly owned subsidiary, and you will continue to
own the same Akebia Shares that you own prior to the Effective Time. However, as a result of the issuance of new Akebia Shares to Keryx
shareholders as Merger Consideration, your ownership percentage in Akebia will be reduced.

 
Q: When will the Merger be consummated?
 

A: The Merger is expected to be consummated by the end of 2018, subject to the satisfaction (or waiver to the extent permitted) of certain conditions
to closing as set forth in the Merger Agreement. However, neither Keryx nor Akebia can predict the actual date on which the Merger will be
consummated, or whether it will be consummated at all, because the Merger is subject to factors beyond each company’s control, including
approval of the Keryx Merger Proposal by Keryx shareholders and approval of the Akebia Share Issuance Proposal by Akebia shareholders. See
“The Merger Agreement—Conditions to Consummation of the Merger” beginning on page 141 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

 
Q: What are the conditions to the consummation of the Merger?
 

A: In addition to approval of the Keryx Merger Proposal by Keryx shareholders and approval of the Akebia Share Issuance Proposal by Akebia
shareholders, consummation of the Merger is subject to the satisfaction

 
2



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 15/209

Table of Contents

 

or, to the extent permitted by applicable law, waiver by Akebia and Keryx of a number of other conditions, including the receipt of required
approval under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the “HSR Act”). On August 21, 2018, the FTC granted
early termination, effective immediately, of the applicable waiting period under the HSR Act. See “The Merger Agreement—Conditions to
Consummation of the Merger” beginning on page 141 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

 
Q: What effect will the Merger have on Keryx and Akebia?
 

A: At the Effective Time, Merger Sub will merge with and into Keryx, with Keryx surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of Akebia. Following the
consummation of the Merger, Keryx Shares will no longer be listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market or any other stock exchange or quotation
system, and Keryx will cease to be a publicly traded company.

Akebia Shares will continue to be registered and subject to reporting obligations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
“Exchange Act”), following the consummation of the Merger. Akebia Shares will continue to be listed on The Nasdaq Global Market and will
trade under the current Akebia symbol, “AKBA,” following the Merger.

 
Q: Who will serve as the directors and senior management of the combined company after the consummation of the Merger?
 

A: Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, following the consummation of the Merger, the board of directors of the combined company (the “Combined
Board”) will consist of (i) John P. Butler, Scott A. Canute, and Cynthia Smith, who are currently members of the Akebia Board and were
designated by the Akebia Board, and another individual to be designated by the Akebia Board, who will be a director of the Akebia Board prior to
the Effective Time and reasonably acceptable to Keryx (collectively, the “Continuing Directors”); (ii) Mark J. Enyedy, Steven C. Gilman, Michael
T. Heffernan, Jodie Morrison, and Michael Rogers, who are currently members of the Keryx Board and were designated by the Keryx Board (the
“Keryx Board Designees”); and (iii) an independent director to be designated by the Akebia Board and the Keryx Board prior to the Effective
Time who is not currently a member of either the Akebia Board or the Keryx Board (the “Additional Director”), who will serve as the Chairperson
of the Combined Board as of the Effective Time.

The current executive leadership team at Akebia is expected to continue to serve in the same roles in the combined company after the
consummation of the Merger. Akebia’s current executive leadership team is as follows: Mr. Butler, Akebia’s President and Chief Executive
Officer, Jason A. Amello, Akebia’s Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, Michel Dahan, Akebia’s Senior Vice President,
Chief Business Officer, Rita Jain, M.D., Akebia’s Senior Vice President, Chief Medical Officer, Nicole R. Hadas, Akebia’s Senior Vice President,
General Counsel and Secretary, Karen Tubridy, Akebia’s Senior Vice President, Chief Development Officer, and Tamara Dillon, Akebia’s Senior
Vice President, Human Resources.

 
Q: When and where are the Keryx Special Meeting and the Akebia Special Meeting?
 

A: Keryx: The Keryx Special Meeting will be held at 11 a.m. local time, on December 11, 2018, at the offices of Goodwin Procter LLP located at 100
Northern Avenue, Boston, Massachusetts 02210.

Akebia: The Akebia Special Meeting will be held at 11 a.m. local time, on December 11, 2018, at the offices of Latham & Watkins LLP located at
200 Clarendon Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02116.

 
Q: Who is entitled to vote?
 

A: Keryx: The Keryx Board has fixed October 22, 2018 as the record date for determining the Keryx shareholders who are entitled to notice of and to
vote at the Keryx Special Meeting. If you were a holder of record of Keryx Shares as of 5:00 p.m. U.S. Eastern Time on October 22, 2018, you are
entitled to receive notice of and to vote at the Keryx Special Meeting and any adjournments thereof.

 
3



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 16/209

Table of Contents

Akebia: The Akebia Board has fixed October 22, 2018 as the record date for determining the Akebia shareholders who are entitled to notice of and
to vote at the Akebia Special Meeting. If you were a holder of record of Akebia Shares as of 5:00 p.m. U.S. Eastern Time on October 22, 2018,
you are entitled to receive notice of and to vote at the Akebia Special Meeting and any adjournments thereof.

 
Q: What are Keryx shareholders being asked to vote on?
 

A: At the Keryx Special Meeting, Keryx shareholders will be asked to approve the following items:
 

 1. the Keryx Merger Proposal;
 

 
2. a proposal to approve adjournments of the Keryx Special Meeting from time to time to another date and place, if necessary or appropriate to

solicit additional votes in favor of the Keryx Merger Proposal if there are insufficient votes at the time of such adjournment to approve such
proposal (the “Keryx Adjournment Proposal”); and

 

 

3. a proposal to approve, on a non-binding, advisory basis, the compensation that may become payable to Keryx’s named executive officers
that is based on or otherwise relates to the Merger, as disclosed in “The Merger—Interests of Keryx’s Directors and Executive Officers in the
Merger” (the “Keryx Advisory Compensation Proposal” and, together with the Keryx Merger Proposal and the Keryx Adjournment
Proposal, the “Keryx Proposals”).

Approval of the Keryx Merger Proposal is required for consummation of the Merger. Neither the approval of the Keryx Adjournment Proposal nor
the approval of the Keryx Advisory Compensation Proposal is required for consummation of the Merger.

No other matters are intended to be brought before the Keryx Special Meeting by Keryx.

 
Q: What vote is required to approve each proposal at the Keryx Special Meeting?
 

A:     1. Keryx Merger Proposal: Approval of the Keryx Merger Proposal requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of all outstanding
Keryx Shares entitled to vote at the Keryx Special Meeting. For the Keryx Merger Proposal, an abstention or a failure to vote (i.e., a failure
to submit a proxy card or vote in person) will have the same effect as a vote cast “AGAINST” this proposal.

 

 

2. Keryx Adjournment Proposal: Approval of the Keryx Adjournment Proposal requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the
voting interest of the Keryx Shares present and entitled to vote on the proposal. For the Keryx Adjournment Proposal, an abstention will
have the same effect as a vote cast “AGAINST” this proposal and a failure to vote (i.e., a failure to submit a proxy card or vote in person)
will have no effect on the outcome of the Keryx Adjournment Proposal.

 

 

3. Keryx Advisory Compensation Proposal: Approval of the Keryx Advisory Compensation Proposal requires the affirmative vote of the
holders of a majority of the voting interest of the Keryx Shares present and entitled to vote on the proposal. For the Keryx Advisory
Compensation Proposal, an abstention will have the same effect as a vote cast “AGAINST” this proposal and a failure to vote (i.e., a failure
to submit a proxy card or vote in person) will have no effect on the outcome of the Keryx Advisory Compensation Proposal.

 
Q: How does the Keryx Board recommend Keryx shareholders vote?
 

A: The Keryx Board has determined that the Merger Agreement and the Merger are advisable and in the best interests of Keryx and the Keryx
shareholders, and has approved and adopted the Merger Agreement and the Merger. The Keryx Board therefore unanimously recommends that the
Keryx shareholders vote their Keryx Shares:

 

 1. “FOR” the Keryx Merger Proposal;
 

4



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 17/209

Table of Contents

 2. “FOR” the Keryx Adjournment Proposal; and
 

 3. “FOR” the Keryx Advisory Compensation Proposal.

 
Q: Are there any risks relating to the Merger or Keryx’s, Akebia’s or the proposed combined company’s business that Keryx shareholders should

consider in deciding whether to vote for the Keryx Proposals?
 

A: Yes. Before making any decision on whether and how to vote, Keryx shareholders are urged to read carefully and in its entirety the information
contained in “Risk Factors” beginning on page 39 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus. Keryx shareholders should also read and carefully
consider the risk factors of Keryx and Akebia and the other risk factors that are incorporated by reference into this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. See “Incorporation of Certain Documents by Reference” and “Where You Can Find More Information” beginning on pages
185 and 186, respectively, of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

 
Q: Do any of Keryx’s directors or executive officers have interests in the Merger that may be different from, or in addition to, those of Keryx

shareholders?
 

A: Yes. Keryx’s directors and executive officers have interests in the Merger that may be different from, or in addition to, the interests of Keryx
shareholders generally. See “The Merger—Interests of Keryx’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger” beginning on page 126 of this joint
proxy statement/prospectus. The members of the Keryx Board were aware of and considered these interests, among other matters, in evaluating
the Merger Agreement and the Merger, and in recommending that the Keryx shareholders approve the Keryx Proposals.

 
Q: What are Akebia shareholders being asked to vote on?
 

A: At the Akebia Special Meeting, Akebia shareholders will be asked to approve the following items:
 

 1. the Akebia Share Issuance Proposal; and
 

 
2. a proposal to approve adjournments of the Akebia Special Meeting from time to time, if necessary or appropriate, including to solicit

additional proxies in favor of the Akebia Share Issuance Proposal if there are insufficient votes at the time of such adjournment to approve
such proposal (the “Akebia Adjournment Proposal” and, together with the Akebia Share Issuance Proposal, the “Akebia Proposals”).

Approval by Akebia shareholders of the Akebia Share Issuance Proposal is a condition to the consummation of the Merger. If the Akebia Share
Issuance Proposal is not approved, the Merger will not be consummated. The approval of the Akebia Adjournment Proposal is not required for the
consummation of the Merger.

No other matters are intended to be brought before the Akebia Special Meeting by Akebia.

 
Q: What vote is required to approve each proposal at the Akebia Special Meeting?
 

A:     1. Akebia Share Issuance Proposal: To be approved, the Akebia Share Issuance Proposal requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a
majority of the votes cast affirmatively or negatively thereon at the Akebia Special Meeting. For the Akebia Share Issuance Proposal, an
abstention or a failure to vote (i.e., a failure to submit a proxy card or vote in person) will have no effect on the outcome of this proposal. If
you hold Akebia Shares in “street name” through a bank, broker, or other nominee and you do not instruct your bank, broker, or other
nominee on how to vote your shares, your bank, broker, or other nominee will not be permitted to vote your shares on the Akebia Share
Issuance Proposal, which will have no effect on the outcome of this proposal.

 

 
2. Akebia Adjournment Proposal: To be approved, the Akebia Adjournment Proposal requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority

of the votes cast affirmatively or negatively thereon at the
 

5



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 18/209

Table of Contents

 

Akebia Special Meeting. For the Akebia Adjournment Proposal, an abstention or a failure to vote will have no effect on the outcome of the
proposal. If you hold Akebia Shares in “street name” through a bank, broker, or other nominee and you do not instruct your bank, broker, or
other nominee on how to vote your shares, your bank, broker, or other nominee will not be permitted to vote your shares on the Akebia
Adjournment Proposal, which will have no effect on the outcome of this proposal.

 
Q: How does the Akebia Board recommend Akebia shareholders vote?
 

A: The Akebia Board has determined that the Merger, the Merger Agreement and the issuance of Akebia Shares in connection with the Merger are
advisable and in the best interests of Akebia and the Akebia shareholders. The Akebia Board therefore unanimously recommends that the Akebia
shareholders vote:

 

 1. “FOR” the Akebia Share Issuance Proposal; and
 

 3. “FOR” the Akebia Adjournment Proposal.

 
Q: Are there any risks relating to the Merger or Akebia’s, Keryx’s or the proposed combined company’s business that Akebia shareholders should

consider in deciding whether to vote for the Akebia Proposals?
 

A: Yes. Before making any decision on whether and how to vote, Akebia shareholders are urged to read carefully and in its entirety the information
contained in “Risk Factors” beginning on page 39 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus. Akebia shareholders should also read and carefully
consider the risk factors of Keryx and Akebia and the other risk factors that are incorporated by reference into this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. See “Incorporation of Certain Documents by Reference” and “Where You Can Find More Information” beginning on pages
185 and 186 respectively, of this joint proxy statements/prospectus.

 
Q: Do any of Akebia’s directors or executive officers have interests in the Merger that may be different from, or in addition to, those of Akebia

shareholders?
 

A: Yes. Akebia’s directors and executive officers have interests in the Merger that may be different from, or in addition to, the interests of Akebia
shareholders generally. See “The Merger—Interests of Akebia’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger” beginning on page 132 of this
joint proxy statement/prospectus. The members of the Akebia Board were aware of and considered these interests, among other matters, in
evaluating the Merger Agreement and the Merger, and in recommending that the Akebia shareholders approve the Akebia Proposals.

 
Q: Are there any Keryx shareholders already committed to vote in favor of the Keryx Merger Proposal? Are any Akebia shareholders already

committed to vote in favor of the Akebia Share Issuance Proposal?
 

A: Keryx: Yes. Simultaneously with the execution of the Merger Agreement, Akebia entered into a voting agreement (the “Keryx Voting Agreement”)
with Baupost, pursuant to which Baupost has agreed, among other things, to vote the Keryx Shares that it owns at the time such vote is taken in
favor of the Keryx Proposals and against approval of any proposal made in opposition to, in competition with, or inconsistent with, the Merger
Agreement or the Merger. Baupost is the owner of approximately 21% of the outstanding Keryx Shares as of the record date for the Keryx Special
Meeting (excluding (i) Keryx Shares issuable upon conversion of Keryx’s Zero Coupon Convertible Senior Notes due 2021 (the “Convertible
Notes”) held by Baupost and (ii) the issuance of the Additional Shares, as described in “The Merger—Notes Conversion Transactions” beginning
on page 68 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus).

Akebia: Yes. Simultaneously with the execution of the Merger Agreement, Keryx entered into a voting agreement with Muneer A. Satter,
Chairperson of the Akebia Board, (the “Akebia Voting Agreement”) pursuant to which Mr. Satter has agreed, among other things, to vote the
Akebia Shares that he beneficially owns at the time such vote is taken in favor of the Akebia Proposals and against approval of any proposal

 
6



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 19/209

Table of Contents

made in opposition to, in competition with, or inconsistent with, the Merger Agreement or the Merger. As of the record date for the Akebia
Special Meeting, Mr. Satter beneficially owns approximately 5% of the outstanding Akebia Shares.

 
Q: Who else must approve the Merger?
 

A: Under the HSR Act, Keryx and Akebia may not consummate the Merger until they have furnished certain information and materials to the
Antitrust Division of the U.S. Department of Justice (the “DOJ”) and the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (the “FTC”), and the applicable waiting
period has expired or been terminated. On August 21, 2018, the FTC granted early termination, effective immediately, of the applicable waiting
period under the HSR Act. Additional information regarding the HSR approval required for consummation of the Merger is set forth in “The
Merger—Regulatory Approvals Required for the Merger” and “The Merger Agreement—Conditions to Consummation of the Merger” beginning
on pages 135 and 141, respectively, of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

 
Q: What do I need to do now?
 

A: After carefully reading and considering the information contained in, or incorporated by reference into, this joint proxy statement/prospectus,
please submit your proxy or voting instruction card for your Keryx Shares or Akebia Shares, as applicable, as soon as possible so that your shares
will be represented at your respective company’s special meeting. Please follow the instructions set forth on the proxy card or on the voting
instruction card provided by your bank, broker, or other nominee if your shares are held in “street name” through your bank, broker, or other
nominee.

 
Q: How do I vote?
 

A: If you are a shareholder of record of Keryx as of the record date for the Keryx Special Meeting, or a shareholder of record of Akebia as of the
record date for the Akebia Special Meeting, you may submit your proxy before your respective company’s special meeting in one of the following
ways:

 

 1. visit the website shown on your proxy card to submit your proxy via the Internet;
 

 2. call the toll-free number for telephone proxy submission shown on your proxy card; or
 

 3. complete, sign, date and return the enclosed proxy card in the enclosed postage-paid envelope provided.

You may also cast your vote in person at your respective company’s special meeting.

If your shares are held in “street name,” through a bank, broker, or other nominee, that institution will send you separate instructions describing
the procedure for voting your shares. Please follow the voting instructions provided by your bank, broker, or other nominee. “Street name”
shareholders or shareholders who wish to vote in person at the applicable company’s special meeting will need to obtain a “legal proxy” from their
bank, broker, or other nominee.

 
Q: How many votes do I have?
 

A: Keryx: You are entitled to one vote for each Keryx Share that you owned as of 5:00 p.m. U.S. Eastern Time on the record date for the Keryx
Special Meeting. As of 5:00 p.m. U.S. Eastern Time on the record date for the Keryx Special Meeting, 120,375,926 Keryx Shares were
outstanding and entitled to vote at the Keryx Special Meeting.

Akebia: You are entitled to one vote for each Akebia Share that you owned as of 5:00 p.m. U.S. Eastern Time on the record date for the Akebia
Special Meeting. As of 5:00 p.m. U.S. Eastern Time on the record date for the Akebia Special Meeting, 57,059,063 Akebia Shares were
outstanding and entitled to vote at the Akebia Special Meeting.

 
7



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 20/209

Table of Contents

Q: What if I transfer my Keryx Shares before the Keryx Special Meeting, or I transfer my Akebia Shares before the Akebia Special Meeting?
 

A: Keryx: If you transfer your Keryx Shares after the record date for the Keryx Special Meeting but before the Keryx Special Meeting, unless you
provide the transferee of your Keryx Shares with a proxy, you will retain your right to vote at the Keryx Special Meeting, but will have transferred
the right to receive the Merger Consideration. In order to receive Akebia Shares as a result of the Merger, you must hold your Keryx Shares
through the Effective Time.

Akebia: If you transfer your Akebia Shares after the record date for the Akebia Special Meeting but before the Akebia Special Meeting, unless you
provide the transferee of your Akebia Shares with a proxy, you will retain your right to vote at the Akebia Special Meeting.

 
Q: Should I send in my Keryx stock certificates now?
 

A: No. Any Keryx shareholders who hold certificated Keryx Shares should keep their existing stock certificates at this time. If and when the Merger
is consummated, Keryx shareholders will receive from the exchange agent a letter of transmittal and written instructions for exchanging their
stock certificates for Akebia Shares. Akebia shareholders do not need to take any action with respect to their stock certificates.

Akebia will not issue stock certificates in respect of any Akebia Shares issued in connection with the Merger, except as required by law. Keryx
shareholders who are entitled to receive the Merger Consideration will receive Akebia Shares in book-entry form.

 
Q: Who is the exchange agent for the Merger?
 

A: American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC (“AST”) will be the exchange agent (the “Exchange Agent”) for the Merger.

 
Q: How would I receive the Merger Consideration to which I would be entitled?
 

A: After receiving the proper documentation from you, following completion of the Merger, the Exchange Agent for the Merger will forward to you
the Akebia Shares and cash for fractional shares to which you are entitled. More information on the documentation you are required to deliver to
the Exchange Agent may be found in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Procedures for Surrendering Keryx Stock Certificates”
beginning on page 140 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

 
Q: What constitutes a quorum?
 

A: Keryx: The presence of Keryx shareholders representing a majority of the voting interest of all Keryx Shares entitled to vote at the Keryx Special
Meeting, in person or represented by proxy, is necessary to constitute a quorum at the Keryx Special Meeting. Abstentions will be counted as
present and entitled to vote for purposes of determining a quorum. If your Keryx Shares are held in the name of a bank, broker, or other nominee,
you must provide your bank, broker, or other nominee with instructions on how to vote your Keryx Shares. If you do not provide voting
instructions for any of the Keryx Proposals, your Keryx Shares will not be voted on any Keryx Proposal, as your bank, broker, or other nominee
will not have discretionary voting authority with respect to any of the Keryx Proposals and your Keryx Shares will not be counted as present and
entitled to vote for purposes of determining a quorum.

Akebia: The presence of Akebia shareholders entitled to cast a majority of all votes entitled to be cast by the holders of all outstanding Akebia
Shares entitled to vote, in person or represented by proxy, is necessary to constitute a quorum at the Akebia Special Meeting. Abstentions will be
counted as present and entitled to vote for purposes of determining a quorum. If your Akebia Shares are held in the name of a bank, broker, or
other nominee, you must provide your bank, broker, or other nominee with instructions on how to vote your

 
8



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 21/209

Table of Contents

Akebia Shares. If you do not provide voting instructions for any of the Akebia Proposals, your Akebia Shares will not be voted on any Akebia
Proposal, as your bank, broker, or other nominee will not have discretionary voting authority with respect to any of the Akebia Proposals and your
Akebia Shares will not be counted as present and entitled to vote for purposes of determining a quorum.

 
Q: If my shares are held in “street name” by a bank, broker, or other nominee, will my bank, broker, or other nominee vote my shares for me?
 

A: No. If your shares are held in the name of a bank, broker, or other nominee, you are considered the “beneficial owner” of the shares held for you in
what is known as “street name” and as such, you are not the “record holder” of such shares. If this is the case, this joint proxy
statement/prospectus has been forwarded to you by your bank, broker, or other nominee. If your shares are held in “street name” in a stock
brokerage account or by a bank or other nominee, you must provide your bank, broker, or other nominee with instructions on how to vote your
shares. Please follow the instructions provided by your bank, broker, or other nominee. Please note that you may not submit a proxy with respect
to shares held in “street name” by returning a proxy card directly to Keryx or Akebia or by voting in person at your respective company’s special
meeting unless you provide a “legal proxy,” which you would need to obtain from your bank, broker, or other nominee. If you do not provide
voting instructions to your bank, broker, or other nominee, your shares will not be voted on any proposal, as your bank, broker, or other nominee
will not have discretionary voting authority with respect to any of the proposals described in this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

A “broker non-vote” occurs when a broker submits a proxy that states that the broker votes for at least one proposal, but does not vote for
proposals on non-routine matters because the broker has not received instructions from the beneficial owner on how to vote and does not have
discretionary authority to vote on those proposals. Under the rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (“Nasdaq”), brokers do not have
discretionary authority to vote on non-routine matters. Because all of the matters to be considered at the Keryx Special Meeting and the Akebia
Special Meeting are non-routine and brokers will not have discretionary authority to vote on any of the Akebia Proposals or the Keryx Proposals,
Akebia and Keryx do not expect to receive any broker non-votes, and shares for which voting instructions are not provided to the broker will not
be deemed voting power present for any matter before the meeting, resulting in such shares being excluded from the calculation of quorum.

If you are a Keryx shareholder and you do not instruct your bank, broker, or other nominee on how to vote your shares on any of the Keryx
Proposals:

 

 •  your shares will not be counted towards determining whether a quorum is present; and
 

 
•  your bank, broker, or other nominee will not be permitted to vote your shares on the Keryx Merger Proposal, the Keryx Adjournment

Proposal, or the Keryx Advisory Compensation Proposal, and this will have the same effect as a vote cast “AGAINST” the Keryx Merger
Proposal and will have no effect on the vote counts for the Keryx Adjournment Proposal and the Keryx Advisory Compensation Proposal.

If you are an Akebia shareholder and you do not instruct your bank, broker, or other nominee on how to vote your shares on any of the Akebia
Proposals:

 

 •  your shares will not be counted towards determining whether a quorum is present; and
 

 
•  your bank, broker, or other nominee will not be permitted to vote your shares on the Akebia Share Issuance Proposal or the Akebia

Adjournment Proposal, and this non-vote will have no effect on the vote counts for the Akebia Share Issuance Proposal or the Akebia
Adjournment Proposal.

 
Q: What if I do not vote?
 

A: Keryx Quorum: If you are a Keryx shareholder and you fail to vote (i.e., fail to submit a proxy card or vote in person) or fail to properly instruct
your bank, broker, or other nominee how to vote with respect to any of

 
9



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 22/209

Table of Contents

 
the Keryx Proposals, your Keryx Shares will not count towards determining whether a quorum is present. However, if you respond with an
“abstain” vote on any of the Keryx Proposals, or vote on one or more of the Keryx Proposals, your Keryx Shares will count towards determining
whether a quorum is present.

Keryx Merger Proposal: If you are a Keryx shareholder and you fail to vote (i.e., fail to submit a proxy card or vote in person) or fail to return a
voting instruction card instructing your bank, broker, or other nominee how to vote on the Keryx Merger Proposal, or if you respond with an
“abstain” vote on the Keryx Merger Proposal, this will have the same effect as a vote cast “AGAINST” the Keryx Merger Proposal.

Keryx Adjournment Proposal and Keryx Advisory Compensation Proposal: If you are a Keryx shareholder and you fail to vote (i.e., fail to submit
a proxy card or vote in person) or fail to return a voting instruction card instructing your bank, broker, or other nominee how to vote on the Keryx
Adjournment Proposal and the Keryx Advisory Compensation Proposal, this will have no effect on the vote count for the Keryx Adjournment
Proposal or the Keryx Advisory Compensation Proposal. If you are a Keryx shareholder and you respond with an “abstain” vote on the Keryx
Adjournment Proposal or the Keryx Advisory Compensation Proposal, this will have the same effect as a vote cast “AGAINST” the Keryx
Adjournment Proposal or the Keryx Advisory Compensation Proposal, respectively.

Akebia Quorum: If you are an Akebia shareholder and you fail to vote (i.e., fail to submit a proxy card or vote in person) or fail to properly
instruct your bank, broker, or other nominee how to vote with respect to any of the Akebia Proposals, your Akebia Shares will not count towards
determining whether a quorum is present. However, if you respond with an “abstain” vote on any of the Akebia Proposals, or vote on one or more
of the Akebia Proposals, your Akebia Shares will count towards determining whether a quorum is present.

Akebia Proposals: If you are an Akebia shareholder and you fail to vote (i.e., fail to submit a proxy card or vote in person) or fail to return a
voting instruction card instructing your bank, broker, or other nominee how to vote, or if you respond with an “abstain” vote on the Akebia
Proposals, this will have no effect on the outcome of the Akebia Proposals.

An abstention occurs when a holder attends the applicable meeting in person and does not vote (assuming that such holder did not previously
authorize a proxy) or returns a proxy or voting instruction card with an “abstain” vote.

Please note that if you sign and return your proxy or voting instruction card without indicating how to vote on any particular proposal (and you do
not change your vote after delivering your proxy or voting instruction card), the Keryx Shares represented by your proxy will be voted “FOR”
each Keryx Proposal in accordance with the recommendation of the Keryx Board, or the Akebia Shares represented by your proxy will be voted
“FOR” each Akebia Proposal in accordance with the recommendation of the Akebia Board, as applicable. See the Q&A below entitled “May I
change my vote after I have delivered my proxy or voting instruction card?” for further information on how to change your vote.

Your vote is very important. Whether or not you plan to attend the Keryx Special Meeting or the Akebia Special Meeting, as applicable, please
promptly complete and return the enclosed proxy card or submit your proxy by telephone or through the Internet.

 
Q: May I change my vote after I have delivered my proxy or voting instruction card?
 

A: Keryx: If you are a Keryx shareholder of record, you may change your vote or revoke a proxy at any time before your proxy is voted at the Keryx
Special Meeting. You can do this by:

 

 
•  sending a written notice of revocation that is received by Keryx prior to 11:59 p.m. (U.S. Eastern Time) on the day preceding the Keryx

Special Meeting, stating that you would like to revoke your proxy, to Keryx’s Corporate Secretary at Keryx’s corporate headquarters, One
Marina Park Drive, 12th Floor, Boston, Massachusetts 02210;

 
10



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 23/209

Table of Contents

 
•  submitting a new proxy bearing a later date (by Internet, telephone or mail) that is received by Keryx prior to 11:59 p.m. (U.S. Eastern

Time) on the day preceding the Keryx Special Meeting; or
 

 
•  attending the Keryx Special Meeting and voting in person or bringing a written notice of revocation to the Secretary of the Keryx Special

Meeting prior to the voting at the Keryx Special Meeting (your attendance at the meeting will not, by itself, revoke your proxy; you must
vote in person by ballot at the meeting to change your vote or submit a written notice of revocation to revoke your proxy).

Attending the Keryx Special Meeting will not automatically revoke a proxy that was submitted through the Internet or by telephone or mail. If
you wish to change your vote at the Keryx Special Meeting, you must vote by ballot at such meeting or if you wish to revoke your vote at
the Keryx Special Meeting, you must bring a written notice of revocation to the Secretary of the Keryx Special Meeting prior to the voting
at the Keryx Special Meeting.

If you are a Keryx shareholder whose shares are held in “street name” by a bank, broker, or other nominee, you may revoke your proxy and vote
your Keryx Shares in person at the Keryx Special Meeting only in accordance with applicable rules and procedures as employed by such bank,
broker, or other nominee. If your Keryx Shares are held in an account at a bank, broker, or other nominee, you should contact your bank, broker,
or other nominee to change your vote.

Akebia: If you are an Akebia shareholder of record, you may change your vote or revoke a proxy at any time before your proxy is voted at the
Akebia Special Meeting. You can do this by:

 

 
•  sending a written notice of revocation that is received by Akebia prior to 11:59 p.m. (U.S. Eastern Time) on the day preceding the Akebia

Special Meeting, stating that you would like to revoke your proxy, to Nicole R. Hadas, Akebia’s Secretary, at 245 First Street, Cambridge,
Massachusetts 02142;

 

 
•  submitting a new proxy bearing a later date (by Internet, telephone or mail) that is received by Akebia prior to 11:59 p.m. (U.S. Eastern

Time) on the day preceding the Akebia Special Meeting; or
 

 
•  attending the Akebia Special Meeting and voting in person or bringing a written notice of revocation to the Secretary of the Akebia Special

Meeting prior to the voting at the Akebia Special Meeting (your attendance at the meeting will not, by itself, revoke your proxy; you must
vote in person by ballot at the meeting to change your vote or submit a written notice of revocation to revoke your proxy).

Attending the Akebia Special Meeting will not automatically revoke a proxy that was submitted through the Internet or by telephone or mail. If
you wish to change your vote at the Akebia Special Meeting, you must vote by ballot at such meeting or if you wish to revoke your vote at
the Akebia Special Meeting, you must bring a written notice of revocation to the Secretary of the Akebia Special Meeting prior to the
voting of the Akebia Special Meeting.

If you are an Akebia shareholder whose shares are held in “street name” by a bank, broker, or other nominee, you may revoke your proxy and vote
your Akebia Shares in person at the Akebia Special Meeting only in accordance with applicable rules and procedures as employed by such bank,
broker, or other nominee. If your shares are held in an account at a bank, broker, or other nominee, you should contact your bank, broker, or other
nominee to change your vote.

 
Q: Will a proxy solicitor be used?
 

A: Yes.

Keryx has engaged Georgeson LLC (“Georgeson”) to assist in the solicitation of proxies for the Keryx Special Meeting, and Keryx estimates it
will pay Georgeson a fee of $12,500, plus reimbursement for reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses and disbursements incurred in
connection with the proxy solicitation. Keryx has also agreed to indemnify Georgeson against certain losses, costs, and expenses. In addition to
mailing proxy solicitation material, Keryx’s directors, officers, and employees may also solicit proxies in person, by telephone, or by any other
electronic means of communication deemed

 
11



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 24/209

Table of Contents

appropriate. No additional compensation will be paid to Keryx’s directors, officers or employees for such services.

Akebia has engaged MacKenzie Partners, Inc. (“MacKenzie”) to assist in the solicitation of proxies for the Akebia Special Meeting, and Akebia
estimates it will pay MacKenzie a fee of approximately $40,000, plus reimbursement for reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses and
disbursements incurred in connection with the proxy solicitation. Akebia has also agreed to indemnify MacKenzie against certain losses, costs,
and expenses. In addition to mailing proxy solicitation material, Akebia’s directors, officers, and employees may also solicit proxies in person, by
telephone or by any other electronic means of communication deemed appropriate. No additional compensation will be paid to Akebia’s directors,
officers, or employees for such services.

 
Q: Who will count the votes?
 

A: At the Keryx Special Meeting, AST will serve as inspector of elections, count all of the proxies or ballots submitted and report the votes at the
Keryx Special Meeting. Whether you submit your proxy by accessing the Internet, telephone or mail, your proxy will be received directly by AST.

At the Akebia Special Meeting, Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. (“Broadridge”) will serve as inspector of elections, count all of the proxies or
ballots submitted and report the votes at the Akebia Special Meeting. Whether you submit your proxy by accessing the Internet, telephone or mail,
your proxy will be received directly by Broadridge.

 
Q: What should I do if I receive more than one set of voting materials?
 

A: Keryx shareholders and Akebia shareholders may receive more than one set of voting materials, including multiple copies of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus and multiple proxy cards or voting instruction cards. For example, if you hold Keryx Shares or Akebia Shares in more than
one brokerage account, you will receive a separate voting instruction card for each brokerage account in which you hold such shares. If you are a
holder of record of Keryx Shares or Akebia Shares and your shares are registered in more than one name, you will receive more than one proxy
card. In addition, if you are a holder of both Keryx Shares and Akebia Shares, you will receive one or more separate proxy cards or voting
instruction cards for each company. Therefore, if you are a record holder, please complete, sign, date, and return each proxy card and voting
instruction card that you receive or otherwise follow the voting instructions set forth in this joint proxy statement/prospectus to ensure that you
vote every Keryx Share and/or every Akebia Share that you own.

 
Q: Where can I find the voting results of the Keryx Special Meeting and the Akebia Special Meeting?
 

A: Preliminary voting results are expected to be announced at the Keryx Special Meeting and the Akebia Special Meeting and may be set forth in a
press release of Keryx or Akebia after the Keryx Special Meeting and the Akebia Special Meeting, respectively. Final voting results for the Keryx
Special Meeting and the Akebia Special Meeting are expected to be published in Current Reports on Form 8-K to be filed by Keryx and Akebia
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) within four business days after the Keryx Special Meeting and the Akebia Special
Meeting, as applicable.

 
Q: Are Keryx shareholders entitled to appraisal rights?
 

A: No. Under Delaware General Corporation Law (the “DGCL”) § 262(b)(1), Keryx shareholders are not entitled to exercise any appraisal rights in
connection with the Merger.

 
Q: Are Akebia shareholders entitled to appraisal rights?
 

A: No. Under the DGCL § 262(b)(1), Akebia shareholders are not entitled to exercise any appraisal rights in connection with the Merger.
 

12



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 25/209

Table of Contents

Q: What if I hold Keryx stock options?
 

A: Options to purchase Keryx Shares (“Keryx Option”) granted under a Keryx equity incentive plan (“Keryx Equity Plan”) that are outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time (whether vested or unvested), will automatically and without any action on the part of the holder thereof,
be cancelled and converted into an option to acquire the number of Akebia Shares (an “Akebia Option”), equal to the product of (i) the number of
Keryx Shares subject to such Keryx Option as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, multiplied by (ii) the Exchange Multiplier, rounded
down to the nearest whole number of Akebia Shares, at an exercise price per Akebia Share equal to the quotient obtained by dividing the per share
exercise price of Keryx Options by the Exchange Multiplier, rounded up to the nearest whole cent. To the extent that Section 409A or
Section 421(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), applies to any such Keryx Option, the foregoing adjustment will
be subject to any modifications that are required to make the substitution of Akebia Options for Keryx Options consistent with the Code.

 
Q: What if I hold Keryx restricted shares?
 

A: All restricted shares of Keryx (“Keryx Restricted Shares”) that are outstanding and subject to restrictions (including vesting), other than those
restrictions that accelerate or lapse as a result of the Effective Time, will be cancelled and converted into awards of restricted stock units of Akebia
(“Akebia RSUs”) with respect to that number of Akebia Shares that is equal to the product of (i) the number of Keryx Shares subject to the Keryx
Restricted Share award as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, multiplied by (ii) the Exchange Multiplier. Keryx Restricted Shares that are
outstanding and whose restrictions (including vesting) accelerate or lapse as a result of the Effective Time, will automatically become the right to
receive 0.37433 fully paid and non-assessable Akebia Shares.

 
Q: What are the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the Merger to U.S. Holders of Keryx Shares?
 

A: Subject to the representations and assumptions in the tax opinion of Goodwin Procter LLP described on page 137, it is the opinion of Goodwin
Procter LLP that the Merger will qualify as a “reorganization” within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code. Accordingly, it is the opinion of
Goodwin Procter LLP that a U.S. Holder (as defined on page 137 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus) of Keryx Shares will not recognize any
gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes upon the exchange of Keryx Shares for Akebia Shares in the Merger, except with respect to cash
received by Keryx shareholders in lieu of fractional Akebia Shares.

Please review the information set forth in the section entitled “Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences”, which constitutes the opinion of
Goodwin Procter LLP, beginning on page 136 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus for a more complete description of the material U.S. federal
income tax consequences of the Merger. The tax consequences to you of the Merger will depend on your particular facts and circumstances.
Please consult your tax advisors as to the specific tax consequences to you of the Merger.

 
Q: What happens if the trading price of Keryx Shares or Akebia Shares changes before the consummation of the Merger?
 

A: No change will be made to the Exchange Multiplier if the trading price of Keryx Shares or Akebia Shares changes before the consummation of the
Merger. Accordingly, the exact value at the consummation of the Merger of the Akebia Shares to be received by Keryx shareholders in the Merger
will depend on the trading price of the Akebia Shares at the consummation of the Merger.

 
Q: What happens if the Merger is not consummated?
 

A: If the Merger is not consummated, Keryx shareholders will not receive the Merger Consideration in exchange for their Keryx Shares. Instead,
Akebia and Keryx will remain independent public companies and the Keryx Shares and the Akebia Shares will continue to be listed and traded on
The Nasdaq Capital Market and The Nasdaq Global Market, respectively, under their current ticker symbols. Under specified

 
13



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 26/209

Table of Contents

 
circumstances, Keryx or Akebia may be required to pay to, or be entitled to receive from, the other party a fee or reimbursement of expenses with
respect to the termination of the Merger Agreement, as described under “The Merger Agreement—Termination Fees and Expenses” beginning on
page 153 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

 
Q: Do I need identification to attend the Keryx Special Meeting or the Akebia Special Meeting in person?
 

A: Yes. Please bring proper identification, together with proof that you are a record owner of Keryx Shares or Akebia Shares. If your shares are held
in “street name,” please bring acceptable proof of ownership, such as a letter from your broker or an account statement stating or showing that you
beneficially owned Keryx Shares or Akebia Shares, as applicable, on the applicable record date.

 
Q: Whom should I contact if I have any questions about the proxy materials or voting?
 

A: If you have any questions about the proxy materials or if you need assistance submitting your proxy or voting your shares or need additional
copies of this joint proxy statement/prospectus or the enclosed proxy card, you should, if you are a Keryx shareholder, contact Georgeson, Keryx’s
proxy solicitor, by telephone toll-free at (888) 680-1525, and, if you are an Akebia shareholder, contact MacKenzie, Akebia’s proxy solicitor, by
mail at 1407 Broadway, 27th Floor, New York, NY 10018, by email at proxy@mackenziepartners.com, or toll-free at (800) 322-2885.

 
Q: Where can I find more information about Keryx and Akebia?
 

A: You can find more information about Keryx and Akebia from the various sources described under “Where You Can Find More Information”
beginning on page 186 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

 
14



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 27/209

Table of Contents

SUMMARY

This summary highlights selected information included in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. You should read carefully this entire joint
proxy statement/prospectus and its annexes and exhibits and the other documents referred to in this joint proxy statement/prospectus because the
information in this summary may not provide all of the information that might be important to you in determining how to vote. Additional important
information about Keryx and Akebia is also contained in the annexes and exhibits to, and the documents incorporated by reference into, this joint
proxy statement/prospectus. For a description of, and instructions as to how to obtain, this information, see “Where You Can Find More
Information” beginning on page 186 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus. Certain items in this summary include a page reference directing you
to a more complete description of that item.

Parties to the Merger

Keryx Biopharmaceuticals, Inc.

Keryx is a commercial stage biopharmaceutical company focused on bringing innovative medicines to people with kidney disease. Keryx’s
marketed product, Auryxia® (ferric citrate) tablets, is an orally available, absorbable, iron-based medicine. Auryxia is approved by the U.S. Food
and Drug Administration (the “FDA”), for the control of serum phosphorus levels in patients with chronic kidney disease (“CKD”), on dialysis and
for the treatment of iron deficiency anemia in adults with CKD, not on dialysis. Ferric citrate is also approved in Japan under the trade name
Riona® and marketed by Keryx’s Japanese partner, Japan Tobacco, Inc. and its subsidiary, Torii Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., and approved in Europe
as Fexeric®.

The principal executive offices of Keryx are located at One Marina Park Drive, 12th Floor, Boston, Massachusetts 02210. Its telephone
number is (617) 466-3500 and its website is www.keryx.com. Information on this Internet web site is not incorporated by reference into or
otherwise part of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

This joint proxy statement/prospectus incorporates important business and financial information about Keryx from other documents that are
not included in or delivered with this joint proxy statement/prospectus. For a list of the documents that are incorporated by reference, see
“Incorporation of Certain Documents by Reference” beginning on page 185 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

Akebia Therapeutics, Inc.

Akebia is a biopharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing novel therapeutics for patients based on hypoxia-
inducible factor (“HIF”) biology, and building its pipeline while leveraging its development and commercial expertise in renal disease. HIF is the
primary regulator of the production of red blood cells in the body, as well as other important metabolic functions. Pharmacologic modulation of the
HIF pathway may have broad therapeutic applications. Akebia’s lead product candidate, vadadustat, is an oral therapy in Phase 3 development and
has the potential to set a new standard of care in the treatment of anemia due to CKD. The Akebia management team has extensive experience in
developing and commercializing drugs for the treatment of renal and metabolic disorders, as well as a deep understanding of HIF biology. This
unique combination of HIF and renal expertise enables Akebia to advance a pipeline of HIF-based therapies to potentially address serious diseases.

The principal executive offices of Akebia are located at 245 First Street, Cambridge, Massachusetts 02142. Its telephone number is (617)
871-2098, and its website is www.akebia.com. Information on this Internet web site is not incorporated by reference into or otherwise part of this
joint proxy statement/prospectus.

 
15



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 28/209

Table of Contents

This joint proxy statement/prospectus incorporates important business and financial information about Akebia from other documents that are
not included in or delivered with this joint proxy statement/prospectus. For a list of the documents that are incorporated by reference, see
“Incorporation of Certain Documents by Reference” beginning on page 185 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

Alpha Therapeutics Merger Sub, Inc.

Merger Sub was incorporated in the State of Delaware on June 15, 2018, and is a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Akebia. Merger Sub was
formed solely for the purpose of consummating the Merger. Merger Sub has not carried on any activities to date, except for activities incidental to
its formation and activities undertaken in connection with the Merger.

The principal executive offices of Merger Sub are located at 245 First Street, Cambridge, Massachusetts 02142; its telephone number is
(617) 871-2098.

The Merger (See Page 68)

Structure of the Merger (See Page 139)

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub will merge with and into Keryx, with Keryx surviving as a direct, wholly owned subsidiary
of Akebia. In the Merger, each Keryx Share issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than shares held by Akebia,
Merger Sub, any subsidiaries of Akebia or Keryx, or by Keryx as treasury shares) will become the right to receive 0.37433 Akebia Shares.

Immediately following the Effective Time, Keryx shareholders and Akebia shareholders are expected to own approximately 50.6% and
49.4%, respectively, of the Akebia Shares, calculated based on the companies’ fully diluted market capitalizations as of the signing of the Merger
Agreement and also taking into account the Additional Shares expected to be issued to Baupost in connection with the conversion under the Notes
Conversion Agreement prior to the consummation of the Merger. Keryx Shares currently trade on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol
“KERX,” and Akebia Shares currently trade on The Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol “AKBA.” Following the consummation of the
Merger, Akebia Shares will continue to be listed on The Nasdaq Global Market and will continue to trade under the symbol “AKBA.”

Treatment of Keryx Equity Awards (See Page 141)

At the Effective Time, upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Merger Agreement, outstanding Keryx equity awards will be
treated as follows:
 

 

•  Keryx Stock Options. Each Keryx Option, to the extent then outstanding and unexercised, will automatically, without any action on the
part of the holders thereof, be cancelled and converted, as of the Effective Time of the Merger and thereafter evidence an Akebia Option
with respect to the number of Akebia Shares that is equal to the product of (A) the number of Keryx Shares subject to such Keryx
Option as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, multiplied by (B) the Exchange Multiplier, rounded down to the nearest whole
number of Akebia Shares (after such conversion, “Rollover Options”), at an exercise price per Akebia Share equal to the quotient
obtained by dividing (x) the per share exercise price of Keryx Options by (y) the Exchange Multiplier, rounded up to the nearest whole
cent. To the extent that Section 409A or Section 421(a) of the Code applies to any such Keryx Option,

 
16



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 29/209

Table of Contents

 
the foregoing adjustment will be subject to such modifications, if any, as are required to cause the substitution contemplated by the
Merger Agreement to be made in a manner consistent with Section 409A or Section 421(a) of the Code, as applicable.

 

 

•  Keryx Restricted Share Awards. Each Keryx Restricted Share award, to the extent then outstanding and subject to restrictions (including
vesting), other than those restrictions that accelerate or lapse as a result of the Merger, shall automatically and without any action on the
part of the holder thereof, be cancelled and converted, as of the Effective Time of the Merger, and thereafter evidence an Akebia RSU
award with respect to the number of Akebia Shares that is equal to the product of (A) the number of Keryx Shares subject to such
Keryx Restricted Share award as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, multiplied by (B) the Exchange Multiplier (after such
conversion, “Rollover Restricted Shares”). Each Keryx Share that is the subject of a Keryx Restricted Share award, to the extent then
outstanding and whose restrictions (including vesting) accelerate or lapse as a result of the Merger, shall automatically, without any
action of the part of the holders thereof, become the right to receive 0.37433 Akebia Shares.

 

 

•  Following the Effective Time, each Rollover Option and Rollover Restricted Share shall be subject to the same terms and conditions as
had applied to the corresponding Keryx Option or Keryx Restricted Share as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, except for such
terms rendered inoperative by reason of the Merger, subject to such adjustments as reasonably determined by Akebia and Keryx to be
necessary or appropriate to give effect to the conversion or the Merger, and Akebia may assume the Keryx Equity Plans.

Litigation Relating to the Merger

Two putative shareholder class action lawsuits and one additional putative shareholder lawsuit have been filed by Keryx shareholders
challenging the disclosures made in connection with the Merger. The lawsuits seek to enjoin the Merger, to recover damages if the Merger is
consummated, attorneys’ fees, and other relief. Additional lawsuits arising out of the Merger may be filed in the future. For a more detailed
description of litigation in connection with the Merger, see “The Merger—Litigation Relating to the Merger” beginning on page 136 of this joint
proxy statement/prospectus.

The Combined Company Board and Management After the Merger (See Page 125)

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, following the consummation of the Merger, the Combined Board will consist of (i) Mr. Butler, Mr.
Canute, Ms. Smith, and another individual to be designated by the Akebia Board, who will be a director of the Akebia Board prior to the Effective
Time and reasonably acceptable to Keryx, who will be the Continuing Directors; (ii) Mr. Enyedy, Dr. Gilman, Mr. Heffernan, Ms. Morrison, and
Mr. Rogers, who will be the Keryx Board Designees; and (iii) the Additional Director, who will be designated by the Akebia Board and the Keryx
Board prior to the Effective Time, who will serve as the Chairperson of the Combined Board as of the Effective Time.

As of the Effective Time, the Continuing Directors, the Keryx Board Designees, and the Additional Director will be allocated among three
classes of directors as follows:
 

 •  Class II will consist of one Continuing Director and two Keryx Board Designees and will be up for re-election in 2019;
 

 
•  Class III will consist of the Additional Director, one Continuing Director, and one Keryx Board Designee and will be up for re-election

in 2020; and
 

 •  Class I will consist of two Continuing Directors and two Keryx Board Designees and will be up for re-election in 2021.

 
17



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 30/209

Table of Contents

At the Effective Time, Akebia will take all necessary action to cause Mr. Butler to continue as Chief Executive Officer of the combined
company. In the event that Mr. Butler is not the Chief Executive Officer of Akebia immediately prior to the Effective Time, Akebia will select
another individual reasonably acceptable to Keryx to be appointed as Chief Executive Officer of the combined company as of the Effective Time.

In addition to Mr. Butler, the remainder of Akebia’s current executive leadership team is expected to continue to serve in the same roles in the
combined company after the consummation of the Merger. Akebia’s current executive leadership team also includes: Jason A. Amello, Akebia’s
Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer; Michel Dahan, Akebia’s Senior Vice President, Chief Business Officer; Rita Jain,
M.D., Akebia’s Senior Vice President, Chief Medical Officer; Nicole R. Hadas, Akebia’s Senior Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary;
Karen Tubridy, Akebia’s Senior Vice President, Chief Development Officer; and Tamara Dillon, Akebia’s Senior Vice President, Human
Resources.

Keryx’s Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of the Keryx Board (See Page 83)

Following a review and discussion of all relevant information regarding the Merger, at a meeting held on June 27, 2018, the Keryx Board, on
the unanimous recommendation of a special transaction committee, unanimously: (1) determined that the Merger Agreement and the Merger were
in the best interests of Keryx and its shareholders, (2) approved the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement, including the Merger, and declared the Merger Agreement advisable, (3) recommended that the Keryx shareholders adopt the Merger
Agreement, and (4) directed that the Merger Agreement be submitted for consideration by the Keryx shareholders at the Keryx Special Meeting.

The Keryx Board unanimously recommends that the Keryx shareholders vote “FOR” the Keryx Merger Proposal, “FOR” the Keryx
Adjournment Proposal, and “FOR” the Keryx Advisory Compensation Proposal.

For the factors considered by the Keryx Board in reaching its decision to approve the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated
thereby, including the Merger and the Keryx Merger Proposal, and to make the foregoing recommendations, see “The Merger—Keryx’s Reasons for
the Merger; Recommendation of the Keryx Board” beginning on page 83 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

Akebia’s Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of the Akebia Board (See Page 87)

After consideration, and following the unanimous recommendation of a transaction committee, the Akebia Board, by a unanimous vote of all
directors at its meeting on June 28, 2018, approved the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Merger and the
issuance of Akebia Shares in connection with the Merger.

The Akebia Board unanimously recommends that the Akebia shareholders vote “FOR” the Akebia Share Issuance Proposal and
“FOR” the Akebia Adjournment Proposal.

For the factors considered by the Akebia Board in reaching its decision to approve the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated
thereby, including the Merger and the Akebia Share Issuance Proposal, and to make the foregoing recommendations, see “The Merger—Akebia’s
Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of the Akebia Board” beginning on page 87 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

Voting Agreements

Simultaneously with the execution of the Merger Agreement, Keryx entered the Akebia Voting Agreement with Mr. Satter, pursuant to which
Mr. Satter has agreed, among other things, to vote the Akebia Shares that he

 
18



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 31/209

Table of Contents

beneficially owns as of the record date for the Akebia Special Meeting in favor of the Akebia Proposals and against approval of any proposal made
in opposition to, in competition with, or inconsistent with, the Merger Agreement or the Merger.

Mr. Satter is the beneficial owner of approximately 5% of the outstanding Akebia Shares as of the record date for the Akebia Special
Meeting.

Simultaneously with the execution of the Merger Agreement, Akebia entered into the Keryx Voting Agreement with Baupost, pursuant to
which Baupost has agreed, among other things, to vote the Keryx Shares that it beneficially owns as of the record date for the Keryx Special
Meeting in favor of the Keryx Proposals and against approval of any proposal made in opposition to, in competition with, or inconsistent with, the
Merger Agreement or the Merger.

Baupost is the beneficial owner of approximately 21% of the outstanding Keryx Shares as of the record date for the Keryx Special Meeting
(excluding (i) Keryx Shares issuable upon conversion of the Convertible Notes held by Baupost and (ii) the issuance of the Additional Shares, as
described in “The Merger—Notes Conversion Transactions” beginning on page 68 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus). Neither the Keryx
Shares issuable upon conversion of the Convertible Notes nor the Additional Shares are expected to be issued and outstanding as of the record date
for the Keryx Special Meeting.

Voting by Keryx’s Directors and Executive Officers

As of the record date for the Keryx Special Meeting, directors and executive officers of Keryx and their affiliates owned and were entitled to
vote 2,591,188 Keryx Shares, representing approximately 2.15% of the Keryx Shares outstanding on that date. Keryx currently expects that
Keryx’s directors and executive officers will vote their Keryx Shares in favor of the Keryx Merger Proposal, the Keryx Advisory Compensation
Proposal, and, if necessary, the Keryx Adjournment Proposal, although none of them has entered into any agreement obligating him or her to do so.

Voting by Akebia’s Directors and Executive Officers

As of the record date for the Akebia Special Meeting, directors and executive officers of Akebia and their affiliates owned and were entitled
to vote 3,465,234 Akebia Shares, representing approximately 6.07% of the Akebia Shares outstanding on that date. Directors and executive officers
of Akebia and their affiliates owned and were entitled to vote 3,334 Keryx Shares, representing less than 1% of the Keryx Shares outstanding on
that date. Akebia currently expects that Akebia’s directors and executive officers will vote their Akebia Shares in favor of the Akebia Proposals and
their Keryx Shares in favor of the Keryx Proposals, although none of them has entered into any agreement obligating them to do so, other than
Mr. Satter with respect to his Akebia Shares.

Opinion of Keryx’s Financial Advisor—MTS Securities, LLC (See Page 95)

Keryx retained MTS Health Partners, L.P. (“MTS Health Partners”) as its financial advisor in connection with a potential strategic
transaction. On June 27, 2018, MTS Securities, LLC (“MTS Securities”), an affiliate of MTS Health Partners, rendered its oral opinion to the
Keryx Board (which was subsequently confirmed in writing as of June 27, 2018) that, as of that date and subject to the various assumptions made,
procedures followed, matters considered and qualifications and limitations set forth in the MTS Opinion, the Exchange Multiplier to be received by
the holders of Keryx Shares (other than (A) holders of (i) Keryx Shares held as of the Effective Time of the Merger by Akebia, Merger Sub or
Keryx as treasury shares, (ii) Keryx Shares held as of the Effective Time of the Merger by any subsidiary of either Keryx or Akebia (other than
Merger Sub), and (iii) restricted Keryx Shares issued under an equity plan of Keryx and subject to restrictions, other than those

 
19



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 32/209

Table of Contents

restrictions that accelerate or lapse as a result of the Effective Time of the Merger (for the purposes of this section and the MTS Opinion (as defined
below), the “Excluded Shares”), (B) Baupost, and (C) their respective affiliates) in the Merger is fair, from a financial point of view, to such
holders.

The full text of the written opinion of MTS Securities (the “MTS Opinion”) sets forth the assumptions made, procedures followed,
matters considered, and qualifications and limitations on the review undertaken by MTS Securities in connection with the MTS Opinion.
The MTS Opinion is attached as Annex B to this joint proxy statement/prospectus and is incorporated herein by reference. The summary
of the MTS Opinion set forth in this joint proxy statement/prospectus is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the MTS
Opinion. We urge you to read carefully the MTS Opinion, together with the summary thereof in this joint proxy statement/prospectus, in
its entirety. MTS Securities provided its opinion for the information and assistance of the Keryx Board in connection with its consideration
of the Merger. The MTS Opinion addressed solely the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the Exchange Multiplier to be received by
the holders of Keryx Shares (other than holders of Excluded Shares, Baupost and their respective affiliates) in the Merger and does not
address any other aspect or implication of the Merger. The MTS Opinion was not a recommendation to the Keryx Board or any
shareholder of Keryx as to how to vote or to take any other action in connection with the Merger.

Opinion of Akebia’s Financial Advisor—Evercore Group L.L.C. (See Page 112)

Akebia has retained Evercore Group L.L.C. (“Evercore”) to act as a financial advisor in connection with the Merger. The Akebia Board
engaged Evercore based on Evercore’s qualifications, experience, and reputation, as well as its familiarity with the business and management team
of Akebia. Evercore is an internationally recognized investment banking firm and is regularly engaged in the valuation of businesses in connection
with mergers and acquisitions, leveraged buyouts, competitive biddings, private placements, and valuations for corporate and other purposes. As
part of this engagement, Akebia requested that Evercore evaluate the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the Exchange Multiplier to Akebia.
On June 28, 2018, Evercore delivered to the Akebia Board its oral opinion, subsequently confirmed by its delivery of a written opinion dated as of
June 28, 2018, that, as of June 28, 2018, and based upon and subject to the assumptions, procedures, factors, qualifications, limitations, and other
matters set forth in Evercore’s written opinion, the Exchange Multiplier was fair, from a financial point of view, to Akebia.

The full text of Evercore’s written opinion, dated June 28, 2018, which sets forth, among other things, the assumptions made,
procedures followed, matters considered, and qualifications and limitations on the scope of review undertaken by Evercore in delivering its
opinion, is attached as Annex C to this joint proxy statement/prospectus and is incorporated herein by reference in its entirety. The
description of Evercore’s written opinion set forth in this joint proxy statement/prospectus is qualified in its entirety by reference to the
full text of such opinion. Evercore’s opinion should not be construed as creating any fiduciary duty on Evercore’s part to any party, and
such opinion is not intended to be, and does not constitute a recommendation to the Akebia Board or to any other person in respect of the
Merger, including as to how any holder of Akebia Shares should vote or act in respect of the Merger.

You are urged to read Evercore’s opinion carefully and in its entirety. Evercore’s opinion was addressed to, and provided for the
information and benefit of, the Akebia Board, and was delivered to the Akebia Board in connection with its evaluation of the fairness,
from a financial point of view, of the Exchange Multiplier to Akebia. The opinion did not address any other aspects or implications of the
Merger.

Evercore’s opinion necessarily was based upon information made available to Evercore as of June 28, 2018 and financial, economic,
monetary, market, regulatory, and other conditions and circumstances as

 
20



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 33/209

Table of Contents

they existed and could be evaluated on such date. It is understood that subsequent developments may have affected or may affect the
opinion, and Evercore undertook no obligation, and is under no obligation, to update, revise, or reaffirm its opinion based on subsequent
developments. Evercore’s opinion did not express any opinion as to the price at which the Akebia Shares or the Keryx Shares will trade at
any time.

Opinion of Akebia’s Financial Advisor—J.P. Morgan Securities LLC (See Page 118)

Pursuant to an engagement letter dated June 17, 2018, Akebia retained J.P. Morgan Securities LLC (“J.P. Morgan”) as a financial advisor in
connection with the proposed Merger.

At the meeting of the Akebia Board on June 28, 2018, J.P. Morgan rendered its oral opinion to the Akebia Board that, as of such date and
based upon and subject to assumptions, procedures, factors, qualifications, limitations, and other matters set forth in its opinion, the Exchange
Multiplier in the proposed Merger was fair, from a financial point of view, to Akebia. J.P. Morgan has confirmed its June 28, 2018 oral opinion by
delivering its written opinion to the Akebia Board, that, as of June 28, 2018, the Exchange Multiplier in the proposed Merger was fair, from a
financial point of view, to Akebia.

The full text of the written opinion of J.P. Morgan, which sets forth the assumptions made, matters considered, and limits on the
review undertaken, is attached as Annex D to this joint proxy statement/prospectus and is incorporated herein by reference. The summary
of the opinion of J.P. Morgan set forth in this joint proxy statement/prospectus is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of
such opinion.

Akebia’s shareholders are urged to read the opinion in its entirety. J.P. Morgan’s written opinion was addressed to the Akebia Board
(in its capacity as such) in connection with and for the purposes of its evaluation of the proposed Merger, was directed only to the
Exchange Multiplier in the Merger and did not address any other aspect of the Merger. J.P. Morgan expressed no opinion as to the fairness
of the Exchange Multiplier to the holders of any class of securities, creditors, or other constituencies of Akebia or as to the underlying
decision by Akebia to engage in the proposed Merger.

The issuance of J.P. Morgan’s opinion was approved by a fairness committee of J.P. Morgan. The summary of the opinion of J.P.
Morgan set forth in this joint proxy statement/prospectus is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of such opinion. The
opinion does not constitute a recommendation to any shareholder of Akebia as to how such shareholder should vote with respect to the
proposed Merger or any other matter.

The Merger Agreement (See Page 138)

The terms and conditions of the Merger are contained in the Merger Agreement, which is attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus as
Annex A. You should read the Merger Agreement carefully, as it is the legal document that governs the Merger.

Conditions to Consummation of the Merger (See Page 141)

As more fully described in this joint proxy statement/prospectus and as set forth in the Merger Agreement, the consummation of the Merger
depends on a number of conditions being satisfied or waived. These conditions include:
 

 •  receipt of approval of the Akebia Share Issuance Proposal;
 

 •  receipt of approval of the Keryx Merger Proposal;

 
21



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 34/209

Table of Contents

 
•  the absence of any adverse law or order promulgated, entered, enforced, enacted, or issued by any government entity that prohibits,

restrains, or makes illegal the consummation of the Merger;
 

 •  the Akebia Shares to be issued in the Merger being approved for listing on The Nasdaq Global Market;
 

 
•  receipt of material government approvals, including the expiration or termination of the waiting period, and any extension thereof,

under the HSR Act, early termination of which was granted by the FTC on August 21, 2018, effective immediately;
 

 
•  subject to certain materiality exceptions, the accuracy of certain representations and warranties of each of Akebia and Keryx contained

in the Merger Agreement and the compliance by each party with the covenants contained in the Merger Agreement;
 

 •  the absence of a material adverse effect with respect to each of Akebia and Keryx; and
 

 
•  the conversion of Convertible Notes pursuant to the terms of the Notes Conversion Agreement. The issuance of the Additional Shares is

a condition of the conversion, but not of the Merger.

Keryx and Akebia cannot be certain when, or if, the conditions to the Merger Agreement will be satisfied or waived (to the extent waiver is
permitted by applicable law), or when or whether the Merger will be consummated.

No Solicitation (See Page 147)

As more fully described in this joint proxy statement/prospectus and as set forth in the Merger Agreement, the Merger Agreement restricts
the ability of either Keryx or Akebia to, directly or indirectly:
 

 
•  initiate, seek, or solicit, or knowingly encourage, facilitate, or take any other action that could reasonably be expected to promote any

inquiries or the making or any submission of any proposal that constitutes, or could reasonably be expected to lead to, any Acquisition
Proposal (as defined in “The Merger Agreement—No Solicitation”);

 

 
•  subject to certain exceptions, engage in any discussions or negotiations or disclose any non-public information to any person that has

made or could reasonably expected to make an Acquisition Proposal with respect to Keryx or Akebia; or
 

 
•  enter into any agreement, including any letter of intent, memorandum of understanding, agreement in principle, merger agreement,

acquisition agreement, or other similar agreement, with respect to an Acquisition Proposal involving Keryx or Akebia, as applicable
(other than an Acceptable Confidentiality Agreement, as defined in the Merger Agreement).

If, however, either Keryx or Akebia, as applicable, receives an Acquisition Proposal that was not solicited in violation of the Merger
Agreement and, prior to receipt of shareholder approval of the Keryx Merger Proposal (in the case of Keryx) or shareholder approval of the Akebia
Share Issuance Proposal (in the case of Akebia), such party’s board of directors determines in good faith (after consultation with such party’s
outside counsel) that such competing acquisition proposal is or could reasonably be expected to lead to a Superior Proposal (as defined in “The
Merger Agreement—No Solicitation”) and that a failure to take certain actions would be inconsistent with the directors’ fiduciary duties to Keryx’s
shareholders (in the case of the Keryx Board) or directors’ fiduciary duties to Akebia’s shareholders (in the case of the Akebia Board), then such
party may, subject to specified conditions and requirements, furnish nonpublic information to the person making the proposal and participate in
discussions or negotiations with such person.

Further, at any time prior to obtaining the approval of the Keryx Merger Proposal or the approval of the Akebia Share Issuance Proposal, as
applicable, and following any Intervening Event (as defined in “The Merger

 
22



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 35/209

Table of Contents

Agreement—No Solicitation”), the Keryx Board or the Akebia Board, as applicable, may make a Keryx Adverse Recommendation Change or an
Akebia Adverse Recommendation Change (as defined in “The Merger Agreement—No Solicitation”), as applicable, if such board (i) determines in
good faith after consultation with outside legal counsel that the failure to make a Keryx Adverse Recommendation Change or a Akebia Adverse
Recommendation Change, as applicable, in response to such Intervening Event would be a breach of its fiduciary obligations to its shareholders,
(ii) determines in good faith that the reasons for making such a Keryx Adverse Recommendation Change or Akebia Adverse Recommendation
Change are independent of and unrelated to any pending Acquisition Proposal, and (iii) provides written notice to the other party (a “Keryx Notice
of Change” or an “Akebia Notice of Change”) advising such other party that such board is contemplating making a Keryx Adverse
Recommendation Change or Akebia Adverse Recommendation Change, as applicable, and specifying the material facts and information
constituting the basis for such contemplated determination; provided, however, that the Keryx Board or the Akebia Board, as applicable (x) has
given the other party at least five business days after receipt of the Keryx Notice of Change or Akebia Notice of Change, as applicable, and
(y) during that five business day period, at the request of the other party, has negotiated in good faith with respect to any change or modifications to
the Merger Agreement which would allow the appropriate board not to make a Keryx Adverse Recommendation Change or Akebia Adverse
Recommendation Change, as appropriate, in response to such Intervening Event and consistent with the board’s fiduciary obligations to its
shareholders.

Termination of the Merger Agreement (See Page 152)

The Merger Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the consummation of the Merger in any of the following ways:
 

 •  by mutual written consent of Keryx and Akebia;
 

 
•  by Akebia, at any time prior to the Effective Time, if any of Keryx’s covenants, representations, or warranties contained in the Merger

Agreement shall have become untrue, such that a condition to Akebia’s obligations to consummate the Merger would not be satisfied
and such breach is (A) incapable of being cured by Keryx or (B) not cured within 30 days’ notice to Keryx of such breach;

 

 

•  by Akebia, if Keryx materially breaches the non-solicitation provisions of the Merger Agreement or the Keryx Board or any committee
thereof (A) makes a Keryx Adverse Recommendation Change (as defined in the Merger Agreement), (B) does not include the Keryx
Recommendation (as defined in the Merger Agreement) in this joint proxy statement/prospectus, or (C) publicly proposes or allows
Keryx to publicly propose any of the actions in (A) or (B);

 

 

•  by Akebia, at any time prior to the approval of the Akebia Share Issuance Proposal, upon written notice to Keryx, in order to enter into
a definitive agreement with a third party providing for a Superior Proposal with respect to Akebia, if in connection with such Superior
Proposal, it has complied in all material respects with the non-solicitation provisions of the Merger Agreement and substantially
concurrently with such termination Akebia enters into such definitive agreement;

 

 

•  by Keryx, at any time prior to the Effective Time, if any of Akebia’s or Merger Sub’s covenants, representations, or warranties
contained in the Merger Agreement shall have become untrue, such that a condition to Keryx’s obligations to consummate the Merger
would not be satisfied and such breach is (A) incapable of being cured by Akebia or Merger Sub or (B) not cured within 30 days’ notice
to Akebia of such breach;

 

 

•  by Keryx, if Akebia materially breaches the non-solicitation provisions of the Merger Agreement or the Akebia Board or any committee
thereof (A) makes an Akebia Adverse Recommendation Change (as defined in the Merger Agreement), (B) does not include the Akebia
Recommendation (as defined in the Merger Agreement) in this joint proxy statement/prospectus, or (C) publicly proposes or allows
Akebia to publicly propose any of the actions in (A) or (B);

 
23



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 36/209

Table of Contents

 

•  by Keryx, at any time prior to the approval of the Keryx Merger Proposal, upon written notice to Akebia, in order to enter into a
definitive agreement with a third party providing for a Superior Proposal with respect to Keryx, if in connection with such Superior
Proposal, it has complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Merger Agreement and substantially concurrently with
such termination Keryx enters into such definitive agreement;

 

 

•  by either Keryx or Akebia, if the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement violate any order, decree, or
ruling of any court or governmental body that has become final and non-appealable or there shall be a law that makes the contemplated
transactions illegal or otherwise prohibited; provided, however, that this termination right shall not be available to any party whose
action or failure to act has been the primary cause of the failure of the Merger to occur and such action or failure to act constitutes a
breach of the Merger Agreement;

 

 

•  by either Keryx or Akebia, if the Merger has not be consummated by 5:00 p.m., New York time on December 28, 2018 (the
“Termination Date”); provided, however, that this termination right shall not be available to any party whose action or failure to act has
been the primary cause of the failure of the Merger to occur and such action or failure to act constitutes a breach of the Merger
Agreement;

 

 
•  by either Keryx or Akebia, if Keryx’s shareholders do not approve the Keryx Merger Proposal at the Keryx Special Meeting; provided,

however, that this termination right shall not be available to any party whose action or failure to act has been the primary cause of the
failure of the Merger to occur and such action or failure to act constitutes a breach of the Merger Agreement; or

 

 
•  by either Keryx or Akebia, if Akebia’s shareholders do not approve the Akebia Share Issuance Proposal at the Akebia Special Meeting;

provided, however, that this termination right shall not be available to any party whose action or failure to act has been the primary
cause of the failure of the Merger to occur and such action or failure to act constitutes a breach of the Merger Agreement.

Termination Fees and Expenses (See Page 153)

Upon termination of the Merger Agreement under certain circumstances specified in the Merger Agreement, Akebia may be required to pay
Keryx a termination fee of $22 million, and upon termination of the Merger Agreement under certain other circumstances specified in the Merger
Agreement, Keryx may be required to pay Akebia a termination fee of $22 million. Upon termination of the Merger Agreement in certain
circumstances specified in the Merger Agreement, Akebia or Keryx may be required to reimburse the other party’s transaction expenses up to
$6 million, to be credited against the $22 million termination fee (if such fee is subsequently required to be paid, as specified in the Merger
Agreement).

Regulatory Approvals Required for the Merger (See Page 135)

To consummate the Merger, Keryx and Akebia must obtain approvals or consents from, or make filings with, the FTC and the Antitrust
Division of the DOJ. Under the HSR Act, the Merger cannot be consummated until, among other things, notifications have been given and certain
information has been provided to the FTC and the Antitrust Division of the DOJ and all applicable waiting periods (and any extensions thereof)
have expired or been terminated.

Keryx and Akebia made various filings and submissions for the above-referenced approvals and consents. On August 21, 2018, the FTC
granted early termination, effective immediately, of the applicable waiting period under the HSR Act.

The HSR approval condition is discussed under “The Merger—Regulatory Approvals Required for the Merger” beginning on page 135 of this
joint proxy statement/prospectus.

 
24



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 37/209

Table of Contents

Accounting Treatment (See Page 135)

Akebia will account for the Merger using the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
in the United States (“GAAP”). Although the business combination of Akebia and Keryx is a “merger of equals,” GAAP requires that one of the
two companies in the Merger be designated as the acquirer for accounting purposes based on the evidence available. Accordingly, Akebia will be
treated as the acquiring entity for accounting purposes. In identifying Akebia as the acquiring entity, the companies took into account, among other
factors, the structure of the Merger, the composition of the Combined Board, and the decision that the current executive leadership team at Akebia
will continue to serve in the same roles in the combined company. As a result, the historical financial statements of Akebia will become the
historical financial statements of the combined company.

The combined company will measure Keryx’s assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their fair values, including net tangible and
identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed, as of the consummation of the Merger. Any excess of the purchase price over those
fair values will be recorded as goodwill.

Definite lived intangible assets will be amortized over their estimated useful lives. Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives and goodwill
will not be amortized but will be tested for impairment at least annually. All intangible assets and goodwill are also tested for impairment when
certain indicators are present.

The allocation of purchase price reflected in the unaudited pro forma combined financial statements is based on preliminary estimates using
assumptions that Akebia management believes are reasonable based on currently available information. The final purchase price and fair value
assessment of assets and liabilities will be based in part on a detailed valuation that has not yet been completed.

Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences (See Page 136)

Subject to the representations and assumptions in the tax opinion of Goodwin Procter LLP described on page 137, it is the opinion of
Goodwin Procter LLP that the Merger will to qualify as a “reorganization” within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code. Accordingly, it is the
opinion of Goodwin Procter LLP that a U.S. Holder (as defined on page 137 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus) of Keryx Shares will not
recognize any gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes upon the exchange of Keryx Shares for Akebia Shares in the Merger, except with
respect to cash received by Keryx shareholders in lieu of fractional Akebia Shares.

Please review the information set forth in the section entitled “Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences”, which constitutes
the opinion of Goodwin Procter LLP, for a more complete description of the material U.S. federal income tax consequences of the Merger.
Please consult your tax advisors as to the specific tax consequences to you of the Merger.

Interests of Keryx’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger (See Page 126)

In considering the recommendation of the Keryx Board with respect to the Keryx Proposals, Keryx shareholders should be aware that certain
members of the Keryx Board and certain executive officers have interests in the Merger that may be different from, or in addition to, those of the
Keryx shareholders generally. These interests include, but are not limited to:
 

 •  expected service as members of the Combined Board following consummation of the Merger;
 

 •  accelerated vesting of equity awards;
 

 •  additional cash awards under employment agreements and preexisting retention agreements;
 

 •  entitlement to severance benefits under preexisting severance arrangements; and
 

 
•  continued indemnification in favor of the current and former directors and officers of Keryx, as well as certain obligations related to

maintenance of directors’ and officers’ liability insurance.

 
25



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 38/209

Table of Contents

These interests are described in more detail below and may present such executive officers and directors with actual or potential conflicts of
interest. The Keryx Board was aware of these interests during its deliberations on the merits of the Merger, and considered these interests, among
other matters, in reaching its decision to approve and declare advisable the Merger Agreement, the Merger, and the other transactions contemplated
by the Merger Agreement, and in its decision to recommend that Keryx shareholders vote for the Keryx Proposals. For additional information on
the interests of Keryx’s directors and officers in the Merger, see “The Merger—Interests of Keryx’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger”
beginning on page 126 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

Interests of Akebia’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger (See Page 132)

In considering the recommendation of the Akebia Board, Akebia shareholders should be aware that certain of Akebia’s executive officers and
directors have interests in the Merger that may be different from, or in addition to, those of Akebia’s shareholders generally. These interests
include, but are not limited to:
 

 •  expected service as members of the Combined Board following consummation of the Merger;
 

 •  expected service as members of the executive leadership team of Akebia following consummation of the Merger;
 

 •  the treatment of equity awards;
 

 •  entitlement to severance benefits under preexisting employment agreements;
 

 •  entitlement to certain employee benefits; and
 

 
•  continued indemnification in favor of the current and former directors and officers of Akebia, as well as certain obligations related to

the maintenance of directors’ and officers’ liability insurance.

These interests may present such executive officers and directors with actual or potential conflicts of interest. The Akebia Board was aware
of these interests during its deliberations on the merits of the Merger and in deciding to recommend that Akebia shareholders vote for the Akebia
Proposals. For additional information on the interests of Akebia’s directors and officers in the Merger, see “The Merger—Interests of Akebia’s
Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger” beginning on page 132 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

Appraisal Rights (See Page 140)

Under the DGCL, neither the holders of Akebia Shares nor of Keryx Shares are entitled to exercise any appraisal rights in connection with
the Merger or the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement.

Comparison of Shareholder Rights (See Page 172)

As a result of the Merger, the holders of Keryx Shares will become holders of Akebia Shares, and their rights will be governed by the DGCL
and by the Ninth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Akebia (the “Akebia charter”) and Akebia’s Amended and Restated Bylaws
(the “Akebia bylaws”) (instead of the amended and restated certificate of incorporation of Keryx (the “Keryx charter”) or Keryx’s Amended and
Restated Bylaws (the “Keryx bylaws”)). Following the Merger, former Keryx shareholders will have different rights as Akebia shareholders than
they had as Keryx shareholders. For additional information on shareholder rights, see “Comparison of Shareholder Rights” beginning on page 172
of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

 
26



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 39/209

Table of Contents

Risk Factors (See Page 39)

In deciding how to vote your Keryx Shares or Akebia Shares, you should read carefully this entire joint proxy statement/prospectus,
including the documents incorporated by reference herein and the annexes and exhibits hereto, and in particular, you should read the “Risk
Factors” section beginning on page 39 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus. See also “Incorporation of Certain Documents by Reference” and
“Where You Can Find More Information” beginning on pages 185 and 186, respectively, of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

 
27



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 40/209

Table of Contents

SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA OF KERYX

Set forth below are selected historical consolidated financial data for Keryx. The financial data as of December 31, 2017 and 2016 and for the
years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 are derived from Keryx’s audited financial statements and related notes that are incorporated by
reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus from Keryx’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017. The financial
data as of December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 and for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013 are derived from the audited financial statements of
Keryx that are not included in or incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

The selected historical consolidated financial data as of June 30, 2018 and for the three and six months ended June 30, 2018 and June 30, 2017 are
derived from Keryx’s unaudited financial statements and related notes that are incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus from
Keryx’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2018. The selected historical consolidated financial data of Keryx as of June 30,
2017 are derived from Keryx’s unaudited consolidated financial statements and related notes from Keryx’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
period ended June 30, 2017, which is not incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus. Keryx’s management believes that
Keryx’s unaudited consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a basis consistent with its audited financial statements and include all normal
and recurring adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of the results for each interim period.
 

28



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 41/209

Table of Contents

The information set forth below is only a summary and it is not necessarily indicative of the results of future operations of Keryx, nor does it
include the effects of the Merger. Interim results for the six months ended and as of June 30, 2018 are not necessarily indicative of, and are not
projections for, the results to be expected for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018. The selected historical consolidated financial statement data
provided below is only a summary, and you should read it in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements of Keryx and the related
notes contained in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, the unaudited consolidated financial statements and related
notes contained in the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2018, and the other information that Keryx has previously filed
with the SEC and which is incorporated into this joint proxy statement/prospectus by reference. See “Incorporation of Certain Documents by Reference”
and “Where You Can Find More Information” beginning on pages 185 and 186, respectively, of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.
 
  Year Ended December 31,   

Six Months
Ended June 30,  

  2017   2016   2015   2014   2013   2018   2017  
  (in thousands, except share and per share data)  
Consolidated statements of operations data:        
Net U.S. Auryxia product sales  $ 55,514  $ 27,173  $ 10,141  $ —    $ —    $ 44,727  $ 24,621 
License revenue   5,127   4,810   3,539   10,825   7,000   2,773   2,343 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Total revenues   60,641   31,983   13,680   10,825   7,000   47,500   26,964 
Costs and expenses:        

Cost of goods sold   21,955   37,803   4,520   —     —     17,029   8,653 
License expense   3,076   2,886   2,124   495   —     1,664   1,406 
Research and development   37,679   29,504   36,694   51,502   34,734   17,162   15,776 
Selling, general and administrative   99,622   84,553   81,410   70,057   19,349   54,548   48,089 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Total costs and expenses   162,332   154,746   124,748   122,054   54,083   90,403   73,924 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Loss from operations   (101,691)   (122,763)   (111,068)   (111,229)   (47,083)   (42,903)   (46,960) 
Other income (expense):        
Amortization of debt discount   (62,965)   (34,227)   (11,357)   —     —     (1,316)   (62,965) 
Other income (expense), net   981   (4,025)   (630)   411   351   171   452 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Total other income (expense), net   (61,984)   (38,252)   (11,987)   411   351   (1,145)   (62,513) 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Loss before income taxes   (163,675)   (161,015)   (123,055)   (110,818)   (46,732)   (44,048)   (109,473) 
Income tax (benefit) expense   (235)   80   90   700   —     (634)   40 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Net loss  $ (163,440)  $ (161,095)  $ (123,145)  $ (111,518)  $ (46,732)  $ (43,414)  $ (109,513) 
   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

Basic and diluted net loss per common share  $ (1.43)  $ (1.52)  $ (1.19)  $ (1.23)  $ (0.58)  $ (0.36)  $ (1.00) 
   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

Weighted average shares used in computing basic
and diluted net loss per common share   114,507,668   105,845,121   103,898,399   91,000,902   81,009,561   120,149,604   109,846,152 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

 
29



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 42/209

Table of Contents

   As of December 31,   
As of

June 30,  
   2017   2016   2015   2014   2013   2018   2017  
   (in thousands, except share and per share data)  
Consolidated Balance Sheet Data:         
Cash and cash equivalents   $ 93,526  $ 111,810  $ 200,290  $ 74,284  $ 55,696   49,458   140,527 
Accounts receivable, net    8,146   5,236   3,656   834   —     15,430   8,459 
Inventory    28,695   12,681   41,881   7,830   —     48,584   18,085 
Working capital    96,146   111,346   171,688   69,285   41,600   70,565   145,186 
Total assets    158,872   141,427   258,685   103,628   60,766   145,651   184,189 
Convertible senior notes    125,000   125,000   90,773   —     —     130,088   125,000 
Accumulated deficit    (998,538)   (835,098)   (674,003)   (550,858)   (439,340)   (1,041,336)   (944,611) 
Total stockholders’ (deficit) equity    (14,095)   (8,296)   86,934   73,484   45,400   (41,192)   25,649 
 

30



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 43/209

Table of Contents

SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA OF AKEBIA

Set forth below are selected historical consolidated financial data for Akebia. The financial data as of December 31, 2017 and 2016 and for the
years ended December 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015 are derived from Akebia’s audited financial statements and related notes that are incorporated by
reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus from Akebia’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017. The financial
data as of December 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013 and for the years ended December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013 are derived from the audited
financial statements of Akebia that are not included in or incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

The selected historical consolidated financial data as of June 30, 2018 and for the three and six months ended June 30, 2018 and June 30, 2017 are
derived from Akebia’s unaudited financial statements and related notes that are incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus from
Akebia’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2018. The selected historical consolidated financial data of Akebia as of June 30,
2017 are derived from Akebia’s unaudited consolidated financial statements and related notes from Akebia’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
period ended June 30, 2017, which is not incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus. Akebia management believes that
Akebia’s unaudited consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a basis consistent with its audited financial statements and include all
normal and recurring adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of the results for each interim period.

The information set forth below is only a summary and it is not necessarily indicative of the results of future operations of Akebia, nor does it
include the effects of the Merger. Interim results for the six months ended and as of June 30, 2018 are not necessarily indicative of, and are not
projections for, the results to be expected for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018.
 

31



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 44/209

Table of Contents

The selected historical consolidated financial statement data provided below is only a summary, and you should read it in conjunction with the
audited consolidated financial statements of Akebia and the related notes contained in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2017, the unaudited consolidated financial statements and related notes contained in the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30,
2018, and the other information that Akebia has previously filed with the SEC and which is incorporated into this joint proxy statement/prospectus by
reference. See “Incorporation of Certain Documents by Reference” and “Where You Can Find More Information” beginning on pages 185 and 186,
respectively, of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.
 
   Year Ended December 31,   

Six Months
Ended June 30,  

   2017   2016   2015   2014   2013   2018   2017  
      (in thousands, except share and per share data)  
Consolidated statements of operations data:         
Collaboration revenue   $ 177,984  $ 1,535  $ —    $ —    $ —    $ 94,723  $ 49,385 
Operating expenses:         

Research and development    230,893   115,785   43,016   23,263   8,902   133,321   103,800 
General and administrative    27,008   22,210   18,497   14,677   7,031   21,562   12,693 

    
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Total operating expenses    257,901   137,995   61,513   37,940   15,933   154,883   116,493 
    

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Loss from operations    (79,917)   (136,460)   (61,513)   (37,940)   (15,933)   (60,160)   (67,108) 
Other income, net    3,003   713   797   906   2,766   2,673   1,048 

    
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Net loss   $ (76,914)  $ (135,747)  $ (60,716)  $ (37,034)  $ (13,167)  $ (57,487)  $ (66,060) 
Accretion on preferred stock    —     —     —     (86,899)   (55,886)   —     —   

    
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Net loss applicable to common shareholders   $ (76,914)  $ (135,747)  $ (60,716)  $ (123,933)  $ (69,053)  $ (57,487)  $ (66,060) 
    

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

Net loss per share applicable to common shareholders—
basic and diluted(1)   $ (1.77)  $ (3.60)  $ (2.29)  $ (8.04)  $ (126.94)  $ (1.09)  $ (1.66) 

    

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

Weighted-average number of common shares used in net
loss per share applicable to common shareholders—
basic and diluted    43,500,795   37,716,949   26,469,170   15,406,386   544,002   52,774,794   39,795,282 

    

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

 
32



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 45/209

Table of Contents

(1) See Note 2 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements appearing in the Akebia Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2017, for a description of the method used to calculate basic and diluted net loss per share of common stock.

 
   As of December 31,   

As of
June 30,  

   2017   2016   2015   2014   2013   2018   2017  
      (in thousands, except share and per share data)  
Consolidated Balance Sheet Data:         
Cash and cash equivalents and available for sale securities   $ 317,792  $ 260,343  $ 138,454  $ 108,918  $ 32,556  $ 402,123  $ 321,215 
Working capital    214,007   182,053   129,149   103,595   29,529   242,997   150,798 
Total assets    364,247   300,216   142,940   110,995   34,665   413,781   336,822 
Redeemable convertible preferred stock    —     —     —     —     157,827   —     —   
Accumulated deficit    (374,050)   (297,136)   (161,389)   (100,673)   (127,072)   (428,294)   (363,196) 
Total shareholders’ equity (deficit)    119,331   68,120   130,998   104,078   (127,072)   165,925   56,998 
 

33



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 46/209

Table of Contents

SELECTED AKEBIA AND KERYX UNAUDITED PRO FORMA
CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL DATA

The following selected unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial data (the “selected pro forma data”) give effect to the Merger. The
selected unaudited pro forma combined statements of operations and comprehensive loss data for the year ended December 31, 2017 and the six months
ended June 30, 2018, give effect to the Merger under the acquisition method of accounting, as if the Merger had occurred on January 1, 2017. The
selected unaudited pro forma combined balance sheet data as of June 30, 2018 gives effect to the Merger under the acquisition method of accounting, as
if the Merger had occurred on June 30, 2018, assuming each outstanding Keryx Share, Keryx Restricted Shares, and the Keryx Options had become
Akebia Shares, Akebia RSUs, or options to acquire Akebia Shares, respectively, based on the Exchange Multiplier.

The historical consolidated financial information has been adjusted in the selected pro forma data to give effect to pro forma events that are
(i) directly attributable to the Merger, (ii) factually supportable and (iii) with respect to the statements of income, expected to have a continuing impact
on Akebia’s results after the Merger.

The selected pro forma data have been derived from, and should be read in conjunction with, the more detailed unaudited pro forma combined
financial information of Akebia following the Merger appearing elsewhere in this joint proxy statement/prospectus and the accompanying notes to the
unaudited pro forma combined financial information. In addition, the selected pro forma data were based on, and should be read in conjunction with, the
following historical consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes, which are incorporated by reference into this joint proxy
statement/prospectus:
 

 
•  Separate historical consolidated financial statements of Akebia as of, and for the year ended and six months ended, December 31, 2017 and

June 30, 2018, respectively, and the related notes included in Akebia’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2018
and Akebia’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017; and

 

 
•  Separate historical consolidated financial statements of Keryx as of, and for the year ended and six months ended, December 31, 2017 and

June 30, 2018, respectively, and the related notes included in Keryx’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2018
and Keryx’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017.

The selected pro forma data have been prepared by Akebia using the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with the Financial
Accounting Standards Board, Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) 805, Business Combinations, and uses the fair value concepts defined in ASC
820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, which Akebia has adopted as required. Akebia has been treated as the acquirer in the Merger for
accounting purposes. Acquisition accounting requires, among other things, that most assets acquired and liabilities assumed be recognized at their fair
values as of the acquisition date. Fair value measurements recorded in acquisition accounting are dependent upon certain valuation studies of Keryx’s
assets and liabilities and other studies that have yet to commence or progress to a stage where there is sufficient information for a definitive
measurement. Accordingly, the pro forma adjustments reflect the assets and liabilities of Keryx at their preliminary estimated fair values which use
assumptions that Akebia believes are reasonable based on information that is currently available to it. Differences between these preliminary estimates
and the final acquisition accounting will occur, and those differences could have a material impact on the selected pro forma data. The pro forma
adjustments are preliminary and have been made solely for the purpose of providing unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information
prepared in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC.

The selected pro forma data have been presented for informational purposes only. The selected pro forma data do not purport to represent the
actual results of operations that Akebia and Keryx would have achieved had the companies been combined during the periods presented in the selected
financial data and is not intended to project the future results of operations that Akebia may achieve after the Merger is consummated.
 

34



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 47/209

Table of Contents

The selected pro forma data do not reflect any cost savings that may be realized as a result of the Merger and also do not reflect any restructuring
or integration-related costs to achieve those potential cost savings.

Amounts below are presented in thousands, except per share amounts.
 

   

For the Six
Months Ended
June 30, 2018    

For the Year
Ended

December 31, 2017 
Pro Forma Condensed Combined Statements of

Operations and Comprehensive Loss Data:     
Total revenue   $ 142,223   $ 240,125 
Operating expenses   $ 280,749   $ 510,201 

    
 

    
 

Loss from continuing operations   $ (138,526)   $ (270,076) 
Interest income and other income   $ 2,844   $ 3,759 

    
 

    
 

Loss before income taxes from continuing operations   $ (135,682)   $ (266,317) 
    

 
    

 

Net loss from continuing operations   $ (135,048)   $ (266,082) 
Net loss per share from continuing operations   $ (1.20)   $ (2.57) 

    

 

    

 

Diluted net loss per share from continuing operations   $ (1.20)   $ (2.57) 
    

 

    

 

 

   

As of
June 30,

2018  
Pro Forma Condensed Combined Balance Sheet Data:   
Cash, cash equivalents and current marketable securities   $ 446,656 
Working capital   $ 403,451 
Total assets   $ 947,913 
Other long-term liabilities   $ 69 
Total liabilities   $ 324,147 
Combined company shareholders’ equity   $ 623,766 

 
35



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 48/209

Table of Contents

COMPARATIVE HISTORICAL AND UNAUDITED PRO FORMA PER SHARE DATA

The following table sets forth selected historical and unaudited pro forma combined per share information for Akebia and Keryx.

Historical Per Share Information of Akebia and Keryx. The historical per share information of each of Akebia and Keryx below is derived from
the audited consolidated financial statements of each of Akebia and Keryx as of, and for the year ended, December 31, 2017 and the unaudited
consolidated financial statements of each of Akebia and Keryx as of, and for the six months ended, June 30, 2018.

Unaudited Pro Forma Combined per Share Data of Akebia. The unaudited pro forma combined per share data of Akebia set forth below gives
effect to the Merger under the acquisition method of accounting, as if the Merger had been effective on January 1, 2017, the first day of Akebia’s fiscal
year ended December 31, 2017, in the case of net income per share.

The unaudited pro forma combined per share data of Akebia is derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of each of Akebia and
Keryx as of, and for the year ended, December 31, 2017, and the unaudited consolidated financial statements of each of Akebia and Keryx as of, and for
the six months ended, June 30, 2018.

The acquisition method of accounting is based on Financial Accounting Standards Board, ASC 805, Business Combinations, and uses the fair
value concepts defined in ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, which Akebia has adopted as required. Acquisition accounting requires,
among other things, that most assets acquired and liabilities assumed be recognized at their fair values as of the acquisition date. Fair value
measurements recorded in acquisition accounting are dependent upon certain valuation studies of Keryx’s assets and liabilities and other studies that
have yet to commence or progress to a stage where there is sufficient information for a definitive measurement. Accordingly, the pro forma adjustments
reflect the assets and liabilities of Keryx at their preliminary estimated fair values. Differences between these preliminary estimates and the final values
in acquisition accounting will occur and these differences could have a material impact on the unaudited pro forma combined per share information set
forth in the following table.

The unaudited pro forma combined per share data of Akebia does not purport to represent the actual results of operations that Akebia would have
achieved had the companies been combined during these periods or to project the future results of operations that Akebia may achieve after
consummation of the Merger.
 

36



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 49/209

Table of Contents

Generally. You should read the below information in conjunction with the selected historical consolidated financial information included
elsewhere in this joint proxy statement/prospectus and the historical consolidated financial statements of Akebia and Keryx and related notes that have
been filed with the SEC, certain of which are incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus. See “Selected Historical Consolidated
Financial Data of Akebia,” “Selected Historical Consolidated Financial Data of Keryx” and “Where You Can Find More Information” beginning on
pages 31, 28, and 186, respectively, of this joint proxy statement/prospectus. The unaudited pro forma combined per share data of Akebia is derived
from, and should be read in conjunction with, the Akebia and Keryx unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements and related notes
included in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. See “Akebia and Keryx Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Statements” beginning
on page 156 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.
 

   

As of/For the
Six Months

Ended
June 30, 2018   

As of/For the
Year Ended

December 31,
2017  

Akebia Historical per Common Share Data:     
Net income—basic   $ (1.09)   $ (1.77) 
Net income—diluted   $ (1.09)   $ (1.77) 
Cash dividends paid    —      —   

Keryx Historical per Common Share Data:     
Net income from continuing operations—basic   $ (0.36)   $ (1.43) 
Net income from continuing operations—diluted   $ (0.36)   $ (1.43) 
Cash dividends paid    —      —   

Unaudited Pro Forma Combined per Share Data:     
Net income—basic   $ (1.20)   $ (2.57) 
Net income—diluted   $ (1.20)   $ (2.57) 
Cash dividends paid    —      —   

 
37



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 50/209

Table of Contents

COMPARATIVE PER SHARE MARKET PRICE AND DIVIDEND INFORMATION

Market Prices

The principal trading market of Akebia Shares is The Nasdaq Global Market and the principal trading market of Keryx Shares is The Nasdaq
Capital Market. The following table sets forth, for the calendar periods indicated, the high and low sales prices per Akebia Share and per Keryx Share as
reported by The Nasdaq Global Market and The Nasdaq Capital Market, respectively. Akebia Shares are traded under the symbol “AKBA,” and Keryx
Shares are traded under the symbol “KERX.”
 

   Akebia Shares    Keryx Shares  
   High    Low    High    Low  
2016:         
First Quarter   $12.74   $ 7.02   $5.74   $2.80 
Second Quarter   $ 9.99   $ 7.00   $6.98   $4.43 
Third Quarter   $ 9.38   $ 7.31   $7.80   $4.03 
Fourth Quarter   $11.07   $ 7.16   $6.65   $4.11 
2017:         
First Quarter   $10.70   $ 8.58   $6.54   $4.47 
Second Quarter   $16.54   $ 8.69   $7.49   $5.50 
Third Quarter   $19.73   $12.78   $8.38   $6.31 
Fourth Quarter   $20.25   $14.07   $8.07   $4.33 
2018:         
First Quarter   $15.86   $ 9.29   $5.18   $3.94 
Second Quarter   $11.60   $ 7.90   $5.98   $3.30 
Third Quarter   $10.74   $ 7.32   $4.64   $2.78 
Fourth Quarter (through October 26, 2018)   $ 9.21   $ 7.63   $3.50   $2.85 

The following table sets forth the closing sale prices per Akebia Share and per Keryx Share as reported on The Nasdaq Global Market and The
Nasdaq Capital Market, respectively, as of June 27, 2018, the last trading day before the public announcement of the Merger Agreement, and as of
October 26, 2018, the latest practicable date before the filing of this joint proxy statement/prospectus. The table also shows the implied value of the
Merger Consideration per Keryx Share on each of the dates, which has been determined by multiplying the closing price of an Akebia Share on each of
the dates by the 0.37433 Exchange Multiplier.
 

   
Akebia
Shares    

Keryx
Shares   

Implied Value
of Merger

Consideration 
June 27, 2018   $10.38   $4.48   $ 3.89 
October 26, 2018   $ 8.06   $3.01   $ 3.02 

The market prices of Akebia Shares and Keryx Shares have fluctuated since the date of the announcement of the Merger Agreement and will
continue to fluctuate from the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus to the date of the Akebia Special Meeting and the Keryx Special Meeting and
the date the Merger is consummated and thereafter. No assurance can be given concerning the market prices of Akebia Shares or Keryx Shares before
consummation of the Merger or Akebia Shares after consummation of the Merger.

Holders

As of 5:00 p.m. U.S. Eastern Time on the record date for the Akebia Special Meeting, 57,059,063 Akebia Shares, held by 21 holders of record,
were outstanding and entitled to vote at the Akebia Special Meeting. As of 5:00 p.m. U.S. Eastern Time on the record date for the Keryx Special
Meeting, 120,375,926 Keryx Shares, held by 42 holders of record, were outstanding and entitled to vote at the Keryx Special Meeting.
 

38



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 51/209

Table of Contents

RISK FACTORS

In addition to the other information contained in or incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus, including the matters
addressed under “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, Akebia shareholders should
carefully consider the following risks in deciding whether to vote for the approval of the Akebia Proposals, and Keryx shareholders should carefully
consider the following risks in deciding whether to vote for the approval of the Keryx Proposals. Descriptions of some of these risks can be found in the
Quarterly Report for Akebia on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2018 and the Quarterly Report for Keryx on Form 10-Q for the period ended
June 30, 2018, and any amendments thereto, as such risks may be updated or supplemented in each company’s subsequently filed Quarterly Reports on
Form 10-Q or Current Reports on Form 8-K, and other filings with the SEC from time to time, which are incorporated by reference into this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. You should read carefully this entire joint proxy statement/prospectus and its annexes and exhibits and the other documents
incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus. See also “Incorporation of Certain Documents by Reference” and “Where You Can
Find More Information” beginning on pages 185 and 186, respectively, of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

Risks Related to the Merger

Fluctuations in the market price of Akebia Shares will affect the value of the Merger Consideration.

In connection with the closing of the Merger, each Keryx Share issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time will become the
right to receive 0.37433, or the Exchange Multiplier, of Akebia Shares (plus cash in lieu of fractional shares). This Exchange Multiplier will not be
adjusted in the event of any change in the market price of Akebia Shares or Keryx Shares and as a result, prior to the Effective Time, Keryx shareholders
and Akebia shareholders cannot be sure of the value of the Akebia Shares to be issued in connection with the Merger. Based on the closing price per
share of Akebia Shares on The Nasdaq Global Market on October 26, 2018, the latest practicable date before the filing of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus, the 0.37433 of an Akebia Share that the holders of Keryx Shares will hold immediately following the Effective Time in respect of
each Keryx Share they held immediately prior to the Effective Time would have a value of approximately $3.02.

The exact dollar value of the Akebia Shares that the Akebia shareholders and the Keryx shareholders will hold upon consummation of the Merger
will not be known at the time of the Akebia Special Meeting or the Keryx Special Meeting and may be greater than, the same as or less than the current
market prices of Akebia Shares at the time of the Akebia Special Meeting or the Keryx Special Meeting. The market price of the Akebia Shares is
subject to general price fluctuations in the market for publicly traded equity securities and has experienced volatility in the past and may vary
significantly from the dates of the Akebia Special Meeting and the Keryx Special Meeting. As a result of these fluctuations, the value of the Merger
Consideration will also vary. For example, based on the range of closing prices of Akebia Shares during the period from June 27, 2018, the last trading
day before public announcement of the Merger, through October 26, 2018, the latest practicable trading date before the filing of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus, the Exchange Multiplier represented a value ranging from a low of $2.74 to a high of $4.06 for each Keryx Share.

Stock price changes may result from a variety of factors, including general market, industry and economic conditions, changes in the respective
businesses, operations and prospects of Keryx and Akebia, regulatory considerations, results of the Keryx Special Meeting and the Akebia Special
Meeting, announcements with respect to the Merger or any of the foregoing, and other factors beyond the control of Keryx or Akebia. You should obtain
current market price quotations for Keryx Shares and for Akebia Shares, but as indicated above, the prices at the time the Merger is consummated may
be greater than, the same as or less than such price quotations.
 

39



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 52/209

Table of Contents

The Merger may not be consummated unless important conditions are satisfied or waived and there can be no assurance that the Merger will be
consummated.

The Merger Agreement contains a number of conditions that must be satisfied or waived (to the extent permitted by applicable law) to
consummate the Merger. Those conditions include, among others:
 

 •  approval of the Keryx Merger Proposal by the Keryx shareholders;
 

 •  approval of the Akebia Share Issuance Proposal by the Akebia shareholders;
 

 
•  approval for listing on The Nasdaq Global Market of the Akebia Shares to be issued to Keryx shareholders in connection with the Merger,

subject to official notice of issuance;
 

 •  receipt of the requisite antitrust approval;
 

 •  the absence of any law or order prohibiting the Merger; and
 

 •  the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this joint proxy statement/prospectus is a part.

These conditions to the consummation of the Merger may not be satisfied or waived (to the extent permitted by applicable law) and, as a result,
the Merger may not be consummated at the time expected, or at all. For additional information regarding the conditions to the Merger, see “The Merger
Agreement—Conditions to Consummation of the Merger” beginning on page 141 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

In addition, Keryx or Akebia may elect to terminate the Merger Agreement in certain other circumstances. See “The Merger Agreement—
Termination of the Merger Agreement” beginning on page 152 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

The Merger Agreement contains provisions that could discourage a potential competing acquirer of either Keryx or Akebia.

The Merger Agreement contains “no shop” provisions that restrict each of Akebia’s and Keryx’s ability to solicit, initiate or knowingly encourage
and induce, or take any other action designed to facilitate competing third-party proposals relating to a merger, reorganization or consolidation of the
company or an acquisition of the company’s stock or assets. In addition, the other party generally has an opportunity to offer to modify the terms of the
Merger in response to any competing acquisition proposals before the board of directors of the company that has received a third-party proposal may
withdraw or qualify its recommendation with respect to the Merger. If the Merger Agreement is terminated in connection with the pursuit of a
third-party transaction by one of the parties, that party will be required to pay a termination fee of $22 million to the other party. See “The Merger
Agreement—No Solicitation,” “The Merger Agreement—Termination of the Merger Agreement” and “The Merger Agreement—Termination Fees and
Expenses” beginning on pages 147, 152, and 153, respectively, of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

These provisions could discourage a potential third-party acquirer that might have an interest in acquiring all or a significant portion of Akebia or
Keryx from considering or proposing an acquisition, even if it were prepared to pay consideration with a higher per share cash or market value than the
market value proposed to be received or realized in the Merger. A potential third-party acquirer maintaining interest in the face of these provisions might
propose to pay a lower price to the shareholders than it might otherwise have proposed to pay because of the added expense of the $22 million
termination fee that may become payable in certain circumstances.

If the Merger Agreement is terminated and either Akebia or Keryx determines to seek another business combination, it may not be able to
negotiate a transaction with another party on terms comparable to, or better than, the terms of the Merger.
 

40



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 53/209

Table of Contents

The pendency of the Merger could materially adversely affect the business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows of Keryx or
Akebia.

The announcement and pendency of the Merger could disrupt Keryx’s or Akebia’s businesses, in any of the following ways, among others:
 

 
•  Keryx’s or Akebia’s employees may experience uncertainty about their future roles with the combined company, which might adversely

affect each company’s ability to retain and hire key managers and other employees;
 

 
•  the attention of Keryx management or Akebia management may be directed toward completion of the Merger, integration planning and

transaction-related considerations and may be diverted from the company’s day-to-day business operations and, following the completion of
the Merger, the attention of the combined company’s management may also be diverted to such matters;

 

 
•  vendors, suppliers, business partners or others may seek to modify or terminate their business relationship with Keryx or Akebia or the

combined company following completion of the Merger;
 

 
•  Keryx or Akebia, or the combined company following completion of the Merger, and their respective directors could become subject to

lawsuits relating to the Merger; and
 

 
•  Keryx or Akebia may experience negative reactions from their shareholders, patients enrolled in their studies and the medical community,

among others.

These disruptions could be exacerbated by a delay in the completion of the Merger or termination of the Merger Agreement. Additionally, if the
Merger is not consummated, each company will have incurred significant costs and diverted the time and attention of management. A failure to
consummate the Merger may also result in negative publicity, reputational harm, litigation against Keryx or Akebia or their respective directors and
officers, and a negative impression of the companies in the financial markets. The occurrence of any of these events individually or in combination
could have a material adverse effect on either or both companies’ financial statements and stock price.

In addition, the Merger Agreement restricts Akebia and Keryx from taking certain actions until the Effective Time without the consent of the other
party, including, among others: the payment of dividends; the issuance of equity (including certain equity incentive awards); certain increases to
employee compensation and benefits; capital expenditures; the incurrence of indebtedness; acquisitions and divestitures; and the entry into or amending
certain material contracts. Akebia and Keryx are required to conduct business in the ordinary course consistent with past practice. The restrictive
covenants, which are subject to various specific exceptions, may prevent Akebia or Keryx from pursuing attractive business opportunities that may arise
prior to the consummation of the Merger. Although Akebia and Keryx may be able to pursue such activities with the other company’s consent, the other
company may not be willing to provide its consent. For a description of the restrictive covenants applicable to Akebia and Keryx, see “The Merger
Agreement—Conduct of Business Pending the Merger” beginning on page 144 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

Litigation filed or that may be filed against Keryx, Akebia, Merger Sub and/or the members of the Keryx Board or the Akebia Board could prevent
or delay the consummation of the Merger.

Two putative shareholder class action lawsuits and one additional putative shareholder lawsuit have been filed by Keryx shareholders challenging
the disclosures made in connection with the Merger. The lawsuits seek to enjoin the Merger, to recover damages if the Merger is consummated,
attorneys’ fees, and other relief. Additional lawsuits arising out of the Merger may be filed in the future. For a more detailed description of litigation in
connection with the Merger, see “The Merger—Litigation Relating to the Merger” beginning on page 136 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

The outcome of these lawsuits or any other lawsuit that may be filed challenging the Merger is uncertain. One of the conditions to the closing of
the Merger is that no governmental authority has issued or entered any
 

41



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 54/209

Table of Contents

order after the date of the Merger Agreement having the effect of enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the consummation of the Merger. Accordingly, if
these lawsuits or any future lawsuit is successful in obtaining any order enjoining consummation of the Merger, then such order may prevent the Merger
from being consummated, or from being consummated within the expected time frame, and could result in substantial costs to Keryx and Akebia,
including but not limited to, costs associated with the indemnification of directors and officers. Any such injunction or delay in the Merger being
completed may adversely affect Keryx’s or Akebia’s business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.

Keryx directors and executive officers and Akebia directors and executive officers have interests in the Merger that may be different from, or in
addition to, the interests of Keryx shareholders and Akebia shareholders.

Certain of the directors and executive officers of Keryx and certain of the directors and executive officers of Akebia negotiated the terms of the
Merger Agreement and these individuals have interests in the Merger that may be different from, or in addition to, those of Keryx shareholders and
Akebia shareholders, respectively. These interests include, but are not limited to, the continued service of certain of these individuals as directors and
executive officers of Akebia after the date of the consummation of the Merger (the “Closing Date”), the treatment in the Merger of Keryx Restricted
Shares, Keryx Options and certain other compensation arrangements with the Keryx and Akebia directors and executive officers, and provisions in the
Merger Agreement regarding continued indemnification of and advancement of expenses of the directors and executive officers of Keryx and Akebia.
Keryx shareholders and Akebia shareholders should be aware of these interests when they consider their respective Boards of Directors’
recommendations that they vote in favor of the Merger-related proposals.

The members of the Keryx Board were aware of and considered these interests relating to Keryx, among other matters, in evaluating the Merger
Agreement and the Merger, and in recommending that Keryx shareholders approve the Keryx Proposals. The interests of Keryx directors and executive
officers are described under “The Merger—Interests of Keryx’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger” beginning on page 126 of this joint
proxy statement/prospectus.

The members of the Akebia Board were aware of and considered these interests relating to Akebia, among other matters, in evaluating the Merger
Agreement and the Merger, and in recommending that Akebia shareholders approve the Akebia Proposals. The interests of Akebia directors and
executive officers are described in more detail under “The Merger—Interests of Akebia’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger” beginning on
page 132 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

Following the consummation of the Merger, the composition of the board of directors and management of the combined company will be different
from the composition of the current board of directors and management of each of Akebia and Keryx and Akebia’s current shareholders will not
have a majority ownership and voting interest in the combined company, which may affect the strategy and operations of the combined company.

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, following the consummation of the Merger, the Combined Board will consist of (i) Mr. Butler, Mr. Canute,
Ms. Smith, and another individual to be designated by the Akebia Board, who will be a director of the Akebia Board prior to the Effective Time and
reasonably acceptable to Keryx, who will be the Continuing Directors; (ii) Mr. Enyedy, Dr. Gilman, Mr. Heffernan, Ms. Morrison, and Mr. Rogers, who
will be the Keryx Board Designees; and (iii) the Additional Director, who will be designated by the Akebia Board and the Keryx Board prior to the
Effective Time, who will serve as the Chairperson of the Combined Board as of the Effective Time.

As of the Effective Time, the Continuing Directors, the Keryx Board Designees, and the Additional Director will be allocated among three classes
of directors as follows:
 

 •  Class II will consist of one Continuing Director and two Keryx Board Designees and will be up for re-election in 2019;
 

42



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 55/209

Table of Contents

 
•  Class III will consist of the Additional Director, one Continuing Director, and one Keryx Board Designee and will be up for re-election in

2020; and
 

 •  Class I will consist of two Continuing Directors and two Keryx Board Designees and will be up for re-election in 2021.

At the Effective Time, Akebia will take all necessary action to cause Mr. Butler to continue as Chief Executive Officer of the combined company.
In the event that Mr. Butler is not the Chief Executive Officer of Akebia immediately prior to the Effective Time, Akebia will select another individual
reasonably acceptable to Keryx to be appointed as Chief Executive Officer of the combined company as of the Effective Time.

In addition to Mr. Butler, the remainder of Akebia’s current executive leadership team is expected to continue to serve in the same roles in the
combined company after the consummation of the Merger. Akebia’s current executive leadership team also includes: Jason A. Amello, Akebia’s Senior
Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer; Michel Dahan, Akebia’s Senior Vice President, Chief Business Officer; Rita Jain, M.D., Akebia’s
Senior Vice President, Chief Medical Officer; Nicole R. Hadas, Akebia’s Senior Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary; Karen Tubridy,
Akebia’s Senior Vice President, Chief Development Officer; and Tamara Dillon, Akebia’s Senior Vice President, Human Resources.

This composition of the Combined Board may affect the combined company’s business strategy and operating decisions following the
consummation of the Merger, as compared to those of Akebia and Keryx prior to the Merger. In addition, there can be no assurances that the Combined
Board will function effectively as a team and that any differences or difficulties, should they arise, will not have an adverse effect on the combined
company’s business or results after the Closing Date.

In addition, immediately following completion of the Merger and the issuance of the Akebia Shares to the Keryx shareholders at the Effective
Time, Akebia’s current shareholders in the aggregate will not have a majority ownership and voting interest in the combined company, which may result
in Akebia shareholders having less influence on the combined company’s management and policies. Akebia’s shareholders currently have the right to
vote for the election of directors to Akebia’s Board of Directors and on other matters affecting Akebia. Immediately following completion of the Merger,
based on the companies’ fully diluted market capitalizations as of the signing of the Merger Agreement and also taking into account the Additional
Shares expected to be issued to Baupost in connection with the conversion under that certain Notes Conversion Agreement prior to consummation of the
Merger, Akebia’s shareholders and Keryx’s shareholders are expected to own approximately 49.4% and 50.6%, respectively, of the combined company’s
outstanding shares. As a result, current Akebia shareholders may have less influence on the combined company’s management and policies than they
currently have.

The opinions of Keryx’s and Akebia’s financial advisors do not reflect changes in circumstances that may have occurred or that may occur between
the signing of the Merger Agreement and the consummation of the Merger.

The opinion rendered to the Keryx Board by MTS Securities, and the opinions rendered to the Akebia Board by J.P. Morgan and Evercore, were
provided in connection with, and at the time of, the Keryx and Akebia Boards’ respective evaluations of the Merger. These opinions were based on the
respective financial analyses performed, which considered market and other conditions then in effect, and financial forecasts and other information made
available to them, as of the date of their respective opinions, which may have changed, or may change, after the date of the opinions. Neither the Keryx
Board nor the Akebia Board has obtained updated opinions from their respective financial advisors as of the date of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus or as of any other date, nor does either expect to receive updated, revised or reaffirmed opinions prior to the consummation of the
Merger. Changes in the operations and prospects of Keryx or Akebia, general market and economic conditions and other factors that may be beyond the
control of Keryx or Akebia, and which changes
 

43



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 56/209

Table of Contents

were not taken into account by Keryx’s and Akebia’s financial advisors in rendering their respective opinions, may significantly alter the value of Keryx
or Akebia or the prices of Keryx Shares or Akebia Shares by the time the Merger is consummated. The opinions do not speak as of the time the Merger
will be consummated or as of any date other than the date of such opinions. Because there are no plans for Keryx’s and Akebia’s financial advisors to
update their opinions, the opinions do not address the fairness of the Exchange Multiplier or the Merger Consideration, as applicable, from a financial
point of view, at any time other than the time such opinions were issued, even though the Keryx Board’s recommendation that Keryx shareholders vote
“FOR” the Keryx Proposals and the Akebia Board’s recommendation that Akebia shareholders vote “FOR” the Akebia Proposals are made as of the
date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus. For a description of the opinions that the Keryx Board and the Akebia Board received from their respective
financial advisors, see “The Merger—Opinion of Keryx’s Financial Advisor—MTS Securities, LLC,” “The Merger—Opinion of Akebia’s Financial
Advisor—Evercore Group L.L.C.,” and “The Merger—Opinion of Akebia’s Financial Advisor—J.P. Morgan Securities LLC” beginning on pages 95, 112,
and 118, respectively, of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

Failure to consummate the Merger could negatively impact respective future stock prices, operations and financial results of Keryx and Akebia.

If the Merger is not consummated for any reason, Keryx and Akebia may be subjected to a number of material risks, including the following:
 

 
•  a decline in the market prices of Keryx Shares or Akebia Shares to the extent that their current market prices reflect a market assumption

that the Merger will be consummated and will be beneficial to the value of the business of Akebia after the Closing Date;
 

 
•  having to pay certain costs related to the proposed Merger, such as legal, accounting, financial advisory, printing and mailing fees, which

must be paid regardless of whether the Merger is consummated;
 

 
•  addressing the consequences of operational decisions made since the signing of the Merger Agreement, including because of restrictions on

Keryx’s or Akebia’s operations imposed by the terms of the Merger Agreement and decisions to delay or defer capital expenditures;
 

 
•  returning the focus of management and personnel to operating Keryx or Akebia, as applicable, on a standalone basis, without any of the

benefits expected to have been provided by the consummation of the Merger; and
 

 •  negative reactions from their respective shareholders, suppliers, employees, patients enrolled in our studies and the medical community.

In addition to the above risks, Keryx or Akebia may be required, under certain circumstances, to pay a termination fee of up to $22 million to the
other party, and in some cases reimburse the other party’s expenses up to $6 million, which may materially adversely affect Keryx’s or Akebia’s
financial condition, as applicable. The business of Keryx or Akebia may be adversely impacted by the failure to pursue other beneficial opportunities
due to the focus of Keryx and Akebia management on the Merger. A failure to consummate the Merger may also result in negative publicity,
reputational harm, litigation against Keryx or Akebia or their respective directors and officers, and a negative impression of the companies in the
financial markets.

If the Merger is not consummated, we cannot assure the Akebia shareholders or the Keryx shareholders that these risks will not materialize and
will not materially adversely affect the business, financial results and stock price of the respective companies.

Keryx shareholders and Akebia shareholders will not be entitled to appraisal rights in the Merger.

Appraisal rights are statutory rights that, if applicable under law, enable shareholders to dissent from an extraordinary transaction, such as a
merger, and to demand that the corporation pay the fair value for their shares
 

44



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 57/209

Table of Contents

as determined by a court in a judicial proceeding instead of receiving the consideration offered to shareholders in connection with the extraordinary
transaction.

Under the DGCL § 262(b), shareholders do not have appraisal rights if the shares of stock they hold, as of the record date for determination of
shareholders entitled to vote at the meeting of shareholders to act upon a merger, are either (i) listed on a national securities exchange or (ii) held of
record by more than 2,000 holders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, appraisal rights are available if shareholders are required by the terms of the Merger
Agreement to accept for their shares anything other than (a) shares of stock of the surviving corporation, (b) shares of stock of another corporation that
will either be listed on a national securities exchange or held of record by more than 2,000 holders, (c) cash instead of fractional shares or (d) any
combination of clauses (a) through (c).

Because Akebia Shares are listed on The Nasdaq Global Market, a national securities exchange, and are expected to continue to be so listed on the
record date for the Akebia Special Meeting, Akebia shareholders will not be entitled to appraisal rights in the Merger with respect to their Akebia
Shares. Similarly, Keryx Shares are listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market and are expected to continue to be so listed on the record date for the Keryx
Special Meeting. Because holders of Keryx Shares will also receive Akebia Shares in the Merger and cash in lieu of fractional shares, holders of Keryx
Shares will also not be entitled to appraisal rights in the Merger with respect to their Keryx Shares.

Financial projections regarding Keryx and Akebia may not prove accurate.

In connection with the Merger, Keryx and Akebia prepared and considered internal financial forecasts for Keryx and Akebia. These financial
projections are based on several assumptions, including regarding future operating cash flows, expenditures and income of Keryx and Akebia, including
benefits to be realized from the Merger. These financial projections were not prepared with a view to public disclosure, are subject to significant
economic, competitive, industry and other uncertainties and may not be achieved in full, within projected timeframes or at all. The failure of Keryx or
Akebia to achieve projected results could have a material adverse effect on the price of the Akebia Shares, the combined company’s financial position
after the Closing Date, and the combined company’s ability to pay dividends, and/or pay dividends at or above the rate currently paid by Akebia or
Keryx, following the consummation of the Merger.

The Merger may disrupt attention of Keryx management and Akebia management from ongoing business operations.

Each of Keryx and Akebia has expended, and expects to continue to expend, significant management resources to consummate the Merger. The
attention of each company’s management may be diverted away from the day-to-day operations of the businesses of Keryx and Akebia, respectively,
including implementing initiatives to improve performance, execution of existing business plans and pursuing other beneficial opportunities, in an effort
to consummate the Merger. This diversion of management resources could disrupt Keryx’s or Akebia’s operations and may have an adverse effect on the
respective businesses, financial conditions, results of operations and cash flows of the two companies or the combined company after the Closing Date.

The market price for Akebia Shares following completion of the Merger will continue to fluctuate and may be affected by factors different from
those that historically have affected Akebia Shares and Keryx Shares.

Following the completion of the Merger, Akebia shareholders and Keryx shareholders will be shareholders in the combined company. Keryx’s
business differs in important respects from that of Akebia and the combined company’s business will differ from that of Akebia and Keryx prior to the
completion of the Merger. Accordingly, the results of operations of the combined company and the market price of Akebia Shares after the completion
of the Merger may be affected by factors different from those currently affecting the independent
 

45



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 58/209

Table of Contents

results of operations of each of Akebia and Keryx. This joint proxy statement/prospectus describes the businesses of Keryx and Akebia and incorporates
by reference important information regarding the businesses of Keryx and Akebia and also describes important factors to consider in connection with
those businesses and the business of the combined company.

Risks Related to the Business of the Combined Company After the Merger

Combining the two companies may be more difficult, costly or time consuming than expected, and Akebia may not realize all of the anticipated
benefits of the Merger.

Keryx and Akebia have operated and, until the consummation of the Merger, will continue to operate, independently. The success of the Merger
will depend on, among other things, the combined company’s ability to integrate the businesses of Keryx and Akebia in a timely fashion. Additionally,
the combined company may not be able to successfully achieve the level of cost savings, revenue enhancements and synergies that it expects. If the
combined company is not able to successfully achieve these objectives, the anticipated benefits of the Merger may not be realized fully or at all or may
take longer to realize than expected. In addition, failure to successfully integrate the businesses in the expected timeframe may adversely affect the
combined company’s business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.

In addition, the combined operation of two businesses may be a complex, costly and time-consuming process. The difficulties of combining the
operations of the companies include, among others:
 

 •  the diversion of management attention to integration matters;
 

 •  difficulties in integrating functions, personnel and systems;
 

 •  difficulties in assimilating employees and in attracting and retaining key personnel;
 

 •  difficulties in achieving anticipated cost savings, synergies, business opportunities and growth prospects from the combination;
 

 
•  challenges of managing a larger combined company following the Merger, including challenges of conforming standards, controls,

procedures and accounting and other policies and compensation structures;
 

 •  declines in Akebia’s results of operations, financial condition or cash flows;
 

 •  a decline in the market price of Akebia Shares;
 

 •  contingent liabilities that are larger than expected;
 

 •  potential unknown liabilities, adverse consequences and unforeseen increased expenses associated with the Merger;
 

 •  disruption of existing relationships, patients, doctors, business partners, and other constituencies; and
 

 •  the disruption of, or the loss of momentum in, ongoing research and development, including Akebia’s ongoing clinical trials.

Many of these factors are outside the control of Keryx and Akebia, and any one of them could result in increased costs, decreased expected
revenues and diversion of management time and energy, which could materially impact the business, financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the combined company. These factors could cause dilution to the earnings per share of the combined company, decrease or delay the expected
accretive effect of the Merger and negatively impact the price of Akebia Shares. As a result, it cannot be assured that the combined company will realize
the full benefits anticipated from the Merger within the anticipated time frames, or at all.

In addition, following the Merger, Akebia will become responsible for Keryx’s liabilities and obligations, including with respect to legal, financial,
regulatory, and compliance matters. These obligations will result in
 

46



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 59/209

Table of Contents

additional cost and investment by Akebia and, if Akebia has underestimated the amount of these costs and investments or if Akebia fails to satisfy any
such obligations, Akebia may not realize the anticipated benefits of the Merger. Further, it is possible that there may be unknown, contingent or other
liabilities or problems that may arise in the future, the existence and/or magnitude of which Akebia was previously unaware. Any such liabilities or
problems could have an adverse effect on the combined company’s business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.

Even if the Merger is successfully consummated and the businesses integrated, there can be no assurance that the Merger will result in the
realization of the full benefit of the anticipated synergies and cost savings or that these benefits will be realized within the expected time frames or at all.
Difficulties in integrating the businesses could harm the reputation of the combined company. In addition, by engaging in the Merger, Akebia may
forego or delay pursuit of other opportunities that may have proven to have greater commercial potential.

Baupost, Keryx’s current largest shareholder, may have significant influence over the combined company following the Merger and may cause the
combined company to take actions that may not be, or refrain from taking actions that may be, in the combined company’s best interest or the best
interest of its other shareholders.

Baupost is the owner of approximately 21% of the outstanding Keryx Shares as of the record date for the Keryx Special Meeting. Pursuant to the
Notes Conversion Agreement, Baupost is expected to convert all of the existing Convertible Notes it holds into Keryx Shares and receive the Additional
Shares. Following Baupost’s conversion of the Convertible Notes and the issuance to Baupost of the Additional Shares, Baupost is expected to
beneficially own approximately 40.9% of Keryx Shares. After consummation of the Merger, Baupost is expected to be the beneficial owner of
approximately 20.7% of shares of the combined company. Baupost, through its equity interests, may have significant influence over matters submitted to
shareholders of the combined company for approval and other corporate actions, such as:
 

 •  the election of directors;
 

 •  the timing and manner in which the combined company raises additional funds;
 

 •  the timing and manner of dividend distributions;
 

 
•  the approval of contracts between the combined company and Baupost or its respective affiliates, if any, which could involve conflicts of

interest;
 

 •  open market purchase programs or other purchases of Akebia Shares;
 

 •  to delay, defer or prevent a change in who controls the combined company; and
 

 •  other matters that may adversely affect the market price of Akebia Shares.

Moreover, because large shareholders have potential power to direct or influence the combined company’s corporate actions, the combined
company may be required to engage in transactions that may not be agreeable to or in the best interest of its other shareholders.

Keryx and Akebia will incur substantial direct and indirect costs as a result of the Merger and the combined company will incur substantial direct
and indirect costs in connection with combining the business of Keryx and Akebia following the Merger.

Keryx and Akebia will incur substantial expenses in connection with and as a result of consummating the Merger, and over a period of time
following the consummation of the Merger, Akebia also expects to incur substantial expenses as a combined company in connection with coordinating
and, in certain cases, combining the businesses, operations, policies and procedures of Keryx and Akebia. A portion of the transaction costs related to
the Merger will be incurred regardless of whether the Merger is consummated. While Keryx and
 

47



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 60/209

Table of Contents

Akebia have assumed that a certain level of transaction expenses will be incurred, factors beyond Keryx’s and Akebia’s control could affect the total
amount or the timing of these expenses. Although many of the expenses that will be incurred, by their nature, are difficult to estimate accurately, the
current estimate of the aggregate expenses that will be incurred by Keryx and Akebia is approximately $30.5 million, which is subject to change. These
expenses may exceed the costs historically borne by Keryx and Akebia. These expenses could adversely affect the financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows of the combined company following the consummation of the Merger.

Akebia’s actual financial position and results of operations after the Merger as a combined company may differ materially from the unaudited pro
forma financial information included in this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

The unaudited pro forma financial information included in this joint proxy statement/prospectus is presented for informational purposes only and
may not be an indication of what Akebia’s financial position or results of operations would have been had the Merger been consummated on the dates
indicated. The unaudited pro forma financial information has been derived from the audited and unaudited historical financial statements of Akebia and
Keryx and certain adjustments and assumptions regarding Akebia after giving effect to the Merger. The assets and liabilities of Keryx have been
measured at fair value based on various preliminary estimates using assumptions that Akebia and Keryx management believes are reasonable, utilizing
information currently available. These fair value measurements can be highly subjective and the reasonable application of measurement principles may
result in a range of alternative estimates using the same facts and circumstances. These estimates, which require extensive use of accounting estimates
and management judgment, may be revised as additional information becomes available and as additional analyses are performed. Differences between
preliminary estimates in the unaudited pro forma financial information and the final acquisition accounting will occur and could have a material impact
on the unaudited pro forma financial information and the combined company’s financial position and future results of operations.

Furthermore, during the preparation of the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements, Akebia was aware of one material
difference between Akebia’s accounting policies and the accounting policies of Keryx related to revenue recognition. As further described in Note 3,
Akebia adopted ASC 606 using the full retrospective transition method, whereas Keryx adopted ASC 606 using the modified retrospective method.
Following the Merger, the combined company will conduct a more detailed review of Keryx’s accounting policies in an effort to determine if differences
in accounting policies require restatement or reclassification of results of operations or reclassification of assets or liabilities to conform to Akebia’s
accounting policies and classifications. As a result of that review, the combined company may identify other differences among the accounting policies
of the companies that, when conformed, could have a material impact on the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements contained in
this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

In addition, the assumptions used in preparing the unaudited pro forma financial information may not prove to be accurate, and other factors may
affect the combined company’s financial condition or results of operations following the consummation of the Merger. Any material variance from the
pro forma financial information may cause significant variations in the market price of the Akebia Shares. See “Akebia and Keryx Unaudited Pro Forma
Condensed Combined Financial Statements” beginning on page 156 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

Sales of Akebia Shares after the completion of the Merger may cause the market price of Akebia Shares to fall.

Based on the number of outstanding Keryx Shares as of the record date for the Keryx Special Meeting, and assuming the issuance to Baupost of
the Additional Shares and Keryx Shares issuable upon conversion of the Convertible Notes held by Baupost, Akebia would issue approximately 60
million Akebia Shares as Merger Consideration. Keryx shareholders may decide not to hold the Akebia Shares they receive in the Merger and other
Keryx shareholders, such as funds with limitations on the amount of stock they are permitted hold in
 

48



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 61/209

Table of Contents

individual issuers, may be required to sell Akebia Shares that they receive in the Merger. Such sales, or market perception of such sales, of Akebia
Shares could result in higher than average trading volume following the closing of the Merger and may cause the market price for Akebia Shares to
decline. Such sales may take place promptly following the Merger or at other times in the future.

The Merger will be dilutive to Akebia’s earnings per share.

Because Akebia Shares will be issued in connection with the Merger, the Merger will be dilutive to Akebia’s earnings per share. Future events and
conditions could increase the dilution that is currently projected, including adverse changes in market conditions, additional transaction and integration-
related costs and other factors such as the failure to realize some or all of the benefits anticipated in the Merger. Any dilution of, or delay of any
accretion to, Akebia’s earnings per share could cause the price of Akebia’s Shares to decline or grow at a reduced rate.

Akebia is expected to record goodwill and other intangible assets as a result of the Merger, and such goodwill and other intangible assets could
become impaired in the future.

Accounting standards in the United States require that one party to the Merger be identified as the acquirer. In accordance with these standards, the
Merger will be accounted for as an acquisition of Keryx Shares by Akebia and will follow the acquisition method of accounting for business
combinations. The Akebia assets and liabilities will be consolidated with those of Keryx on Akebia’s financial statements. The combined company will
measure Keryx’s assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their fair values, including net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and
liabilities assumed, as of the consummation of the Merger. The excess of the purchase price over the fair value of Keryx’s assets and liabilities will be
recorded as goodwill. Akebia currently estimates that the Merger will add approximately $289.0 million of goodwill and other intangible assets.

In accordance with GAAP, the combined company will be required to periodically assess these assets to determine if they are impaired. To the
extent goodwill or other intangible assets become impaired, the combined company may be required to incur material charges relating to such
impairment. Such a potential impairment charge could have a material impact on future operating results and statements of financial position of the
combined company.

If third parties, including the licensor of certain intellectual property relating to Keryx’s product, Auryxia, terminate, modify or threaten to terminate
existing contracts or relationships with Akebia or Keryx, Akebia’s and Keryx’s respective businesses may be materially harmed.

Keryx has contracts with customers, suppliers, vendors, landlords, licensors and other business partners that may require Keryx to obtain consents
from these other parties in connection with the Merger. If these consents cannot be obtained, the combined company may suffer a loss of potential future
revenues and may lose rights that are material to the business of the combined company. In addition, third parties with whom Akebia or Keryx currently
have relationships may terminate or otherwise reduce the scope of their relationship with either party in anticipation of the Merger. Any such disruptions
could limit the combined company’s ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of the Merger. The adverse effect of such disruptions could also be
exacerbated by a delay in the completion of the Merger or the termination of the Merger Agreement.

As more fully described in its public filings made with the SEC, Keryx has licensed and sublicensed certain intellectual property rights covering
Auryxia from a third party, Panion & BF Biotech, Inc., or Panion, pursuant to the Amended and Restated License Agreement between Keryx and
Panion. Panion has the right to terminate the license agreement upon, among other things, the occurrence of a breach of a material provision of the
license agreement by Keryx that is not cured within ninety days of written notice. If the agreement is terminated, Keryx would lose certain intellectual
property rights covering Auryxia.
 

49



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 62/209

Table of Contents

On September 21, 2018, Keryx notified Akebia that, following announcement of the Merger, Panion notified Keryx in writing that the license
agreement would terminate on November 21, 2018 if Keryx did not cure the breach alleged by Panion, specifically, that Keryx failed to use
commercially reasonable best efforts to commercialize Auryxia outside the United States. Keryx disagreed with Panion’s claims, and the parties entered
discussions to resolve this dispute. On October 24, 2018, Keryx, Panion, and Akebia entered into a letter agreement (the “Panion Letter Agreement”),
pursuant to which Panion agreed to rescind any and all prior termination threats or notices relating to the license agreement and waived its rights to
terminate the license agreement based on any breach by Keryx of its obligation to use commercially reasonable efforts to commercialize Auryxia outside
the United States until the parties execute an amendment to the license agreement in accordance with the terms of the Panion Letter Agreement
following consummation of the Merger. These terms include establishing a joint steering committee consisting of Panion and Akebia representatives to
oversee the development and commercialization of Fexeric® in Europe and providing Panion with an exclusive license under Keryx-owned patents
covering the rights to make, use, sell, offer for sale and import ferric citrate in certain countries in the Asia-Pacific region. The parties will agree on a
regulatory plan for Fexeric in Europe within four months after execution of the Panion Letter Agreement. The parties will also agree on a
commercialization plan for Fexeric in Europe following execution of the amendment. The amendment will include alternatives in the event a
commercialization plan is not agreed upon, such as payment of an annual license maintenance fee to Panion or the return of European intellectual
property rights to Panion. In addition, under the terms of the Panion Letter Agreement, Panion has agreed that Keryx will have the right, but not the
obligation, to conduct any litigation against any infringer of patent rights under the license agreement on the terms agreed upon in the Panion Letter
Agreement. Keryx also agreed to make a $500,000 payment to Panion promptly after execution of the Panion Letter Agreement. In the event the Merger
is not consummated, Keryx and Panion are obligated to fulfill the terms of the Panion Letter Agreement, including negotiating in good faith an
amendment to the license agreement.

Recent changes to reimbursement coverage for Keryx’s product, Auryxia, could have a material adverse effect on Auryxia sales and profitability.

In the United States, there are multiple governmental and private third party payors with varying coverage and reimbursement levels for
pharmaceutical products. Within Medicare, for oral drugs dispensed by pharmacies and also administered in facilities, coverage and reimbursement may
vary depending on the setting. The Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, or CMS, local Medicare administrative contractors and/or Medicare Part
D plans may have some responsibility for determining the medical necessity of such drugs, and therefore coverage, for different patients. Different
reimbursement methodologies may apply and CMS may have some discretion in interpreting their application in certain settings. For example, CMS
recently communicated to Medicare Part D sponsors that Auryxia is considered by CMS as a covered Part D drug when it is used for its FDA-approved
indication for the control of serum phosphorus levels. CMS also indicated that it does not consider Auryxia covered under Part D when it is used solely
for the treatment of iron deficiency anemia in patients with chronic kidney disease not on dialysis, which is Auryxia’s other FDA-approved indication.
As a result, CMS currently expects Part D sponsors to utilize a prior authorization edit (“PA”), or other process, for all Auryxia prescriptions for
Medicare beneficiaries to ensure that Auryxia is being used for a Part D covered indication. Keryx expects Part D sponsors will implement a PA for
Auryxia no later than January 2019. Keryx is engaging in discussions with CMS and Part D sponsors on this matter as Keryx believes that Auryxia
should qualify for coverage under Part D under CMS regulations when it is used for the treatment of iron deficiency anemia in patients with chronic
kidney disease not on dialysis.

While Keryx believes that the vast majority of the Part D prescriptions written for Auryxia today are for the control of serum phosphorus levels
and therefore will continue to be covered by Part D plans, Keryx cannot predict the impact of these changes on Keryx’s operations and they could have a
material adverse effect on Keryx’s results of operations going forward.
 

50



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 63/209

Table of Contents

Risks Related to Keryx’s Business

You should read and consider the risk factors specific to Keryx’s business that will also affect Akebia after the Merger. These risks are described
in Part I, Item 1A of Keryx’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017, and any amendments thereto, as such risks
have been or may be updated or supplemented in Keryx’s subsequently filed Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q or Current Reports on Form 8-K, and in
other documents that are incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus. See “Incorporation of Certain Documents by Reference”
and “Where You Can Find More Information” beginning on pages 185 and 186, respectively, of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

Risks Related to Akebia’s Business

You should read and consider the risk factors specific to Akebia’s business that will also affect Akebia after the Merger. These risks are described
in Part II, Item 1A of Akebia’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2018, and any amendments thereto, as such risks have
been or may be updated or supplemented in Akebia’s subsequently filed Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q or Current Reports on Form 8-K, and in other
documents that are incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus. See “Incorporation of Certain Documents by Reference” and
“Where You Can Find More Information” beginning on pages 185 and 186, respectively, of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This joint proxy statement/prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities law. Such
statements are based upon current plans, estimates and expectations that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. The inclusion of forward-looking
statements should not be regarded as a representation that such plans, estimates and expectations will be achieved. Words such as “anticipate,” “expect,”
“project,” “intend,” “believe,” “may,” “will,” “should,” “plan,” “could,” “target,” “contemplate,” “estimate,” “position,” “predict,” “potential,”
“opportunity” and words and terms of similar substance used in connection with any discussion of future plans, actions or events identify forward-
looking statements. All statements, other than historical facts, including statements regarding the expected timing of the closing of the Merger; the
ability of the parties to complete the Merger considering the various closing conditions; legal proceedings related to the Merger; the potential benefits of
vadadustat; the expected timing of Akebia’s Otsuka funding option; the timing of availability of top-line results from clinical trials of vadadustat; the
composition of the Combined Board; the assigned classes of the members of the Combined Board; the financial profile of the combined company
following consummation of the Merger; the potential to establish a new standard of care; the expected timing of enrollment in clinical trials; revenue
growth; the market opportunity, reimbursement coverage, commercial momentum and growth potential of Auryxia; the expected benefits of the Merger,
such as efficiencies, the expected management team, cost savings and the expected timing thereof, synergies, the ability to deliver value, the potential to
maximize sales, the ability to build launch momentum for vadadustat in the United States, enhanced revenues, growth potential, market profile, financial
strength, and financial flexibility, the potential for accelerating profitability and reducing capital needs; the competitive ability and position of the
combined company; the strategy of the combined company; the expected cash position of the combined company; and any assumptions underlying any
of the foregoing, are forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from Akebia’s and Keryx’s plans,
estimates or expectations could include, but are not limited to:
 

 •  Keryx or Akebia may be unable to obtain shareholder approval as required to consummate the Merger;
 

 •  Conditions to the closing of the Merger may not be satisfied;
 

 •  The Merger may involve unexpected costs, liabilities, or delays;
 

 
•  The effect of the announcement of the Merger on the ability of Keryx or Akebia to retain and hire key personnel and maintain relationships

with customers, suppliers, and others with whom Keryx or Akebia does business, or on Keryx’s or Akebia’s operating results, current plans,
operations, and business generally;

 
51



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 64/209

Table of Contents

 
•  Keryx’s or Akebia’s respective businesses may suffer as a result of uncertainty surrounding the Merger and disruption of management’s

attention due to the Merger;
 

 •  The outcome of any legal proceedings related to the Merger;
 

 •  Keryx or Akebia may be adversely affected by other economic, industry, business, and/or competitive factors;
 

 •  The occurrence of any event, change, or other circumstances that could give rise to the termination of the Merger Agreement;
 

 
•  The risk that Akebia or Keryx may be unable to obtain governmental and regulatory approvals required for the Merger or that required

governmental or regulatory approvals may delay the Merger or result in the imposition of conditions that could reduce the anticipated
benefits from the Merger or cause the parties to abandon the Merger;

 

 
•  Risks that the anticipated benefits of the Merger or other commercial opportunities may otherwise not be fully realized or may take longer to

realize than expected;
 

 
•  The ability to implement integration plans for the combined company following completion of the Merger and the ability to recognize the

anticipated growth, and cost savings and benefits of the Merger;
 

 •  The impact of legislative, regulatory, competitive, and technological changes;
 

 
•  Expectations for ongoing and future clinical trials, the timing, and potential outcomes of clinical studies and interactions with regulatory

authorities;
 

 •  The amount of any costs, fees, expenses, impairments, and charges related to the Merger;
 

 •  Changes in the anticipated tax treatment of the Merger;
 

 •  The impact of Akebia shareholders having a reduced ownership and voting interest after the Merger and less influence over management;
 

 •  The failure of the Merger to be accretive and potential dilution to the combined company’s earnings per share;
 

 
•  The uncertainty of the value of the Merger Consideration that Keryx shareholders would receive in the Merger due to the fixed Exchange

Multiplier and a potential fluctuation in the market price of Akebia Shares;
 

 
•  The possibility of changes in circumstances between the date of the signing of the Merger Agreement and the consummation of the Merger

that is not reflected in the fairness opinion obtained by the Keryx Board and Akebia Board;
 

 
•  The effect of restrictions placed on Keryx’s and Akebia’s business activities and the limitations on Keryx’s and Akebia’s ability to pursue

alternatives to the Merger pursuant to the Merger Agreement;
 

 
•  The possibility of actual results of operations, cash flows and financial position following completion of the Merger materially differing

from the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information contained in this joint proxy statement/prospectus; and
 

 
•  Other risks to the consummation of the Merger, including the risk that the Merger will not be consummated within the expected time period

or at all.

A detailed discussion of risks related to the Merger is included above under the heading “Risk Factors” beginning on page 39 of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. A detailed discussion of risks related to Akebia’s business is included in the section entitled “Risk Factors” in Akebia’s Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2018 filed with the SEC on August 8, 2018 and available at www.sec.gov and www.akebia.com
under “Investors”, as well as any subsequently filed amendments or Current Reports on
 

52



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 65/209

Table of Contents

Form 8-K or other filings with the SEC updating or supplementing such factors. A detailed discussion of risks related to Keryx’s business is included in
the section entitled “Risk Factors” in Keryx’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017 filed with the SEC on
February 21, 2018 and any amendments thereto and available at www.sec.gov and www.keryx.com under “Investors & Media” as well as any
subsequently filed Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q or Current Reports on Form 8-K or other SEC filings updating or supplementing such factors.
Actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward looking statements. Any forward looking statements in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus are only made as of the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, unless otherwise specified, and, except as required by law,
neither Akebia nor Keryx undertakes any obligation to update or revise any forward looking statements. See “Incorporation of Certain Documents by
Reference” and “Where You Can Find More Information” beginning on pages 185 and 186, respectively, of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.
 

53



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 66/209

Table of Contents

THE KERYX SPECIAL MEETING

Date, Time, and Place of the Keryx Special Meeting

The Keryx Special Meeting will be held at 11 a.m. local time, on December 11, 2018, at the offices of Goodwin Procter LLP, located at 100
Northern Avenue, Boston, Massachusetts 02210. On or about                     , 2018, Keryx commenced mailing this joint proxy statement/prospectus and
the enclosed form of proxy card to its shareholders entitled to vote at the Keryx Special Meeting.

Purpose of the Keryx Special Meeting

At the Keryx Special Meeting, Keryx shareholders will be asked to consider and vote upon the following proposals:
 

 1. Keryx Merger Proposal;
 

 2. Keryx Adjournment Proposal; and
 

 3. Keryx Advisory Compensation Proposal.

Recommendation of the Keryx Board

The Keryx Board recommends that the Keryx shareholders vote “FOR” the Keryx Merger Proposal, “FOR” the Keryx Adjournment Proposal and
“FOR” the Keryx Advisory Compensation Proposal. See “The Merger—Keryx’s Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of the Keryx Board”
beginning on page 83 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

Consummation of the Merger is conditioned on approval of the Keryx Merger Proposal. If you abstain or fail to vote on the Keryx Merger
Proposal, or if you fail to give voting instructions to your bank, broker, or other nominee, it will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the Keryx
Merger Proposal. Consummation of the Merger is not conditioned on the approval of the Keryx Adjournment Proposal or the Keryx Advisory
Compensation Proposal.

Record Date for the Keryx Special Meeting and Quorum

Record Date

Only holders of record of Keryx Shares at 5:00 p.m. U.S. Eastern Time on October 22, 2018, the record date for the Keryx Special Meeting, will
be entitled to receive notice of, and to vote, at the Keryx Special Meeting or any postponements or adjournments thereof. Each Keryx Share entitles the
holder thereof to cast one vote on each matter that comes before the Keryx Special Meeting.

As of the record date for the Keryx Special Meeting, there were 120,375,926 Keryx Shares outstanding and entitled to vote at the Keryx Special
Meeting.

Quorum

In order for business to be conducted at the Keryx Special Meeting, a quorum must be present. A quorum requires the presence of the Keryx
shareholders representing a majority in voting interest of the stock of Keryx entitled to vote at the Keryx Special Meeting, in person or represented by
proxy. For purposes of determining whether there is a quorum, all shares that are present will count towards the quorum, which will include proxies
received but marked as abstentions. If a quorum is present when the Keryx Special Meeting is convened, the Keryx shareholders present may continue
to transact business until adjournment, even if the withdrawal of a number of the Keryx shareholders originally present leaves less than the proportion or
number otherwise required for a quorum. Abstentions (Keryx Shares for which proxies have been received but for which the holders have
 

54



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 67/209

Table of Contents

abstained from voting or as to which the holder attends the Keryx Special Meeting in person but does not vote) will be counted as present and entitled to
vote for purposes of determining a quorum. A failure to instruct your bank, broker, or other nominee will result in your shares not being included in the
calculation of the number of Keryx Shares represented at the Keryx Special Meeting for purposes of determining whether a quorum has been achieved.
However, your Keryx Shares will be counted toward determining whether a quorum is present if you instruct your bank, broker, or other nominee on
how to vote your shares with respect to one or more of the Keryx Proposals.

Required Vote

Approval of the Keryx Merger Proposal is a condition to the consummation of the Merger. If the Keryx Merger Proposal is not approved, the
Merger will not be consummated. Neither the approval of the Keryx Adjournment Proposal nor the approval of the Keryx Advisory Compensation
Proposal is a condition to the consummation of the Merger.

Required Vote to Approve the Keryx Merger Proposal

Approval of the Keryx Merger Proposal requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding Keryx Shares entitled to vote
at the Keryx Special Meeting.

Required Vote to Approve the Keryx Adjournment Proposal

Approval of the Keryx Adjournment Proposal requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting interest of the Keryx Shares
present, in person or by proxy, and entitled to vote at the Keryx Special Meeting.

Required Vote to Approve the Keryx Advisory Compensation Proposal

Approval of the Keryx Advisory Compensation Proposal requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting interest of the
Keryx Shares present, in person or by proxy, and entitled to vote on the Keryx Advisory Compensation Proposal at the Keryx Special Meeting.

Keryx Voting Agreement

Simultaneously with the execution of the Merger Agreement, Akebia entered into the Keryx Voting Agreement with Baupost, pursuant to which
Baupost has agreed, among other things, to vote the Keryx Shares that it beneficially owns as of the record date for the Keryx Special Meeting in favor
of the Keryx Proposals and against approval of any proposal made in opposition to, in competition with, or inconsistent with, the Merger Agreement or
the Merger.

Baupost is the beneficial owner of approximately 21% of the outstanding Keryx Shares as of the record date for the Keryx Special Meeting
(excluding (i) Keryx Shares issuable upon conversion of the Convertible Notes held by Baupost and (ii) the issuance of the Additional Shares, neither of
which is expected to be issued and outstanding as of the record date for the Keryx Special Meeting).

Voting by Keryx’s and Akebia’s Directors and Executive Officers

As of the record date for the Keryx Special Meeting, directors and executive officers of Keryx and their affiliates owned and were entitled to vote
2,591,188 Keryx Shares, representing approximately 2.15% of the Keryx Shares outstanding on that date, and directors and executive officers of Akebia
and their affiliates owned and were entitled to vote 3,334 Keryx Shares, representing less than 1% of the Keryx Shares outstanding on that date. Keryx
currently expects that Keryx’s directors and executive officers and Akebia’s directors and executive
 

55



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 68/209

Table of Contents

officers will vote any Keryx Shares they hold in favor of the Keryx Merger Proposal, the Keryx Advisory Compensation Proposal, and, if necessary, the
Keryx Adjournment Proposal, although none of them has entered into any agreement obligating him or her to do so.

Voting of Proxies; Incomplete Proxies

If you are a shareholder of record of Keryx Shares as of the record date for the Keryx Special Meeting, a proxy card is enclosed for your use.
Keryx requests that Keryx shareholders submit their proxies over the Internet, by telephone or by completing and signing the accompanying proxy card
and returning return it to Keryx promptly in the enclosed postage-paid envelope as soon as possible. Keryx shareholders may also authorize a proxy to
vote their shares by telephone or through the Internet. Information and applicable deadlines for authorizing a proxy to vote by telephone or through the
Internet are set forth on the enclosed proxy card. When the accompanying proxy card is returned properly executed, the Keryx Shares represented by it
will be voted at the Keryx Special Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof in accordance with the instructions contained on in the proxy
card.

If a proxy is signed and returned without an indication as to how the Keryx Shares represented by the proxy are to be voted with regard to a
particular proposal, the Keryx Shares represented by the proxy will be voted in favor of each such proposal, as applicable, in accordance with the
recommendation of the Keryx Board. In accordance with the Keryx bylaws and the DGCL, except as otherwise required by law, business transacted at
the Keryx Special Meeting will be limited to those matters set forth in the notice of the meeting.

Your vote is important. Accordingly, please submit a proxy as soon as possible by telephone, over the Internet, or by signing and
returning the enclosed proxy card, whether or not you plan to attend the Keryx Special Meeting in person.

Failures to Vote, Broker Non-Votes, and Abstentions

If you hold your Keryx Shares in a stock brokerage account or if your Keryx Shares are held by a bank or other nominee (that is, in “street
name”), you must provide the record holder of your shares with instructions on how to vote your Keryx Shares. Please follow the voting instructions
provided by your bank, broker, or other nominee. Please note that you are not permitted to vote Keryx Shares held in “street name” by returning a proxy
card directly to Keryx or by voting in person at the Keryx Special Meeting unless you provide a “legal proxy,” which you must obtain from your bank,
broker, or other nominee. Obtaining a legal proxy may take several days. Further, brokers who hold Keryx Shares on behalf of their customers may not
give a proxy to Keryx to vote those shares without specific instructions from their customers.

If your bank, broker, or other nominee holds your Keryx Shares in “street name,” your Keryx Shares will be counted toward determining whether
a quorum is present only if you instruct your bank, broker, or other nominee on how to vote your shares with respect to one or more of the Keryx
Proposals.

If your bank, broker, or other nominee holds your Keryx Shares in “street name,” your bank, broker, or other nominee will vote your shares only if
you provide instructions on how to vote on the relevant proposal. Therefore, if your Keryx Shares are held in “street name” and you do not instruct your
bank, broker, or other nominee on how to vote your shares:
 

 
1. your bank, broker, or other nominee will not be permitted to vote your Keryx Shares on the Keryx Merger Proposal, and this failure to instruct

your bank, broker, or other nominee will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” this proposal;
 

 
2. your bank, broker, or other nominee will not be permitted to vote your Keryx Shares on the Keryx Adjournment Proposal, and this failure to

instruct your bank, broker, or other nominee will have no effect on the vote count for this proposal; and
 

56



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 69/209

Table of Contents

 
3. your bank, broker, or other nominee will not be permitted to vote your Keryx Shares on the Keryx Advisory Compensation Proposal, and this

failure to instruct your bank, broker, or other nominee will have no effect on the vote count for this proposal.

Even if your Keryx Shares are held in “street name,” you are welcome to attend the Keryx Special Meeting. If your Keryx Shares are held in
“street name,” you may not vote your Keryx Shares in person at the Keryx Special Meeting unless you obtain a proxy, executed in your favor, from the
holder of record (i.e., your bank, broker, or other nominee). If you hold your Keryx Shares in “street name” and wish to vote in person, please contact
your bank, broker, or other nominee before the Keryx Special Meeting to obtain the necessary proxy from the holder of record.

Under Nasdaq rules, brokers do not have discretionary authority to vote on non-routine matters. A “broker non-vote” occurs when a broker
submits a proxy that states that the broker votes for at least one proposal, but does not vote for proposals on non-routine matters because the broker has
not received instructions from the beneficial owners on how to vote and thus does not have discretionary authority to vote on those proposals. Because
all of the matters to be considered at the Keryx Special Meeting are non-routine and brokers will not have discretionary authority to vote on any of the
Keryx Proposals, Keryx does not expect to receive any broker non-votes. If broker non-votes were received, they would not have any impact on the
outcome of the Keryx Adjournment Proposal or the Keryx Advisory Compensation Proposal, but would have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the
Keryx Merger Proposal.

Failures to attend the Keryx Special Meeting (in person or by proxy) and vote will also not be counted for purposes of determining whether a
quorum is present and will have no effect on the Keryx Adjournment Proposal or the Keryx Advisory Compensation Proposal. An abstention will have
the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the Keryx Adjournment Proposal and the Keryx Advisory Compensation Proposal. An abstention or a failure to
attend the Keryx Special Meeting (in person or by proxy) and vote will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the Keryx Merger Proposal.

Revocability of Proxies and Changes to a Keryx Shareholder’s Vote

If you are a holder of Keryx Shares as of the record date for the Keryx Special Meeting, you have the power to revoke your proxy at any time
before it is voted at the Keryx Special Meeting. You can revoke your proxy in one of three ways:
 

 
•  sending a written notice of revocation that is received by Keryx prior to 11:59 p.m. (U.S. Eastern Time) on the day preceding the Keryx

Special Meeting, stating that you would like to revoke your proxy, to Keryx’s Corporate Secretary at Keryx’s corporate headquarters, One
Marina Park Drive, 12th Floor, Boston, Massachusetts 02210;

 

 
•  submitting a new proxy bearing a later date (by Internet, telephone or mail) that is received by Keryx prior to 11:59 p.m. (U.S. Eastern

Time) on the day preceding the Keryx Special Meeting; or
 

 
•  attending the Keryx Special Meeting and voting in person or bringing a written notice of revocation to the Secretary of the Keryx Special

Meeting prior to the voting at the Keryx Special Meeting (your attendance at the meeting will not, by itself, revoke your proxy; you must
vote in person by ballot at the meeting to change your vote or submit a written notice of revocation to revoke your proxy).

If you wish to change your vote at the Keryx Special Meeting, you must vote by ballot at such meeting or if you wish to revoke your vote
at the Keryx Special Meeting, you must bring a written notice of revocation to the Secretary of the Keryx Special Meeting prior to the voting at
the Keryx Special Meeting.
 

57



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 70/209

Table of Contents

The latest dated completed proxy will be the one that counts. Written notices of revocation and other communications with respect to the
revocation of any proxies should be addressed to:

Keryx Biopharmaceuticals, Inc.
One Marina Park Drive, 12th Floor

Boston, MA 02210
Attn: Corporate Secretary

If you are a Keryx shareholder whose Keryx Shares are held in “street name” by a bank, broker, or other nominee, you may revoke your proxy or
voting instructions and vote your Keryx Shares in person at the Keryx Special Meeting only in accordance with applicable rules and procedures as
employed by your bank, broker, or other nominee. If your Keryx Shares are held in “street name” in an account at a bank, broker, or other nominee, you
must follow the directions you receive from your bank, broker, or other nominee in order to change or revoke your proxy or voting instructions and
should contact your bank, broker, or other nominee to do so.

Solicitation of Proxies

The cost of the solicitation of proxies from Keryx shareholders will be borne by Keryx. In addition to solicitations by mail, Keryx’s directors,
officers and employees may solicit proxies personally, by telephone, by facsimile or otherwise, without additional compensation. Keryx will also request
brokerage firms, nominees, custodians and fiduciaries to forward proxy materials to the beneficial owners of Keryx Shares held of record on the record
date for the Keryx Special Meeting and will provide customary reimbursement to such firms for the cost of forwarding these materials. Keryx has
retained Georgeson to assist in the solicitation of proxies and has agreed to pay them a fee of approximately $12,500, plus reasonable and documented
expenses, for these services.

Adjournments

Although it is not currently expected, the Keryx Special Meeting may be adjourned for the purpose of soliciting additional proxies if Keryx has
not received sufficient proxies to constitute a quorum or sufficient votes for approval of the Keryx Merger Proposal. If a quorum is not present,
adjourning the Keryx Special Meeting requires the majority in voting interest of the Keryx shareholders present (in person or by proxy) and entitled to
vote at the Keryx Special Meeting, or in the case that no Keryx shareholders are present at the Keryx Special Meeting, any Keryx officer entitled to
preside at or to act as secretary of the Keryx Special Meeting may adjourn the Keryx Special Meeting. Pursuant to the Keryx bylaws, notice need not be
given of any such adjourned meeting if the time and place thereof are announced at the meeting at which adjournment is taken. If the Keryx Special
Meeting is adjourned, shareholders who have already sent in their proxies will be allowed to revoke them at any time prior to their use. The Merger
Agreement provides that the Keryx Special Meeting will not be adjourned to a date that is more than ten business days after the date for which the
Keryx Special Meeting was originally scheduled without the consent of Akebia.

Postponements

At any time prior to convening the Keryx Special Meeting, the Keryx Board may postpone the Keryx Special Meeting for any reason without the
approval of the Keryx shareholders. The Merger Agreement provides that the Keryx Special Meeting will not be postponed to a date that is more than
ten business days after the date for which the Keryx Special Meeting was originally scheduled without the consent of Akebia. Although it is not
currently expected, the Keryx Board may postpone the Keryx Special Meeting for the purpose of soliciting additional proxies if Keryx has not received
sufficient proxies to constitute a quorum or sufficient votes for approval of the Keryx Merger Proposal. If the Keryx Special Meeting is postponed for
the purpose of soliciting additional proxies, shareholders who have already sent in their proxies will be allowed to revoke them at any time prior to their
use.
 

58



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 71/209

Table of Contents

Attending the Keryx Special Meeting

Subject to space availability and certain security procedures, all Keryx shareholders as of the record date for the Keryx Special Meeting, or their
duly appointed proxies, may attend the Keryx Special Meeting. Each person attending the Keryx Special Meeting must have proof of ownership of
Keryx Shares, as well as a valid government-issued photo identification, such as a driver’s license or passport, to be admitted to the meeting. If you hold
your Keryx Shares in your name as a shareholder of record, you will need proof of ownership of Keryx Shares. If your Keryx Shares are held in “street
name” in the name of a bank, broker, or other nominee and you plan to attend the Keryx Special Meeting, you must present proof of your ownership of
Keryx Shares, such as a bank or brokerage account statement, to be admitted to the Keryx Special Meeting.

Shareholder List

A list of Keryx shareholders entitled to vote at the Keryx Special Meeting will be available for inspection at Keryx’s principal executive offices,
located at One Marina Park Drive, 12th Floor, Boston, Massachusetts 02210, at least ten days prior to the date of the Keryx Special Meeting and
continuing through the Keryx Special Meeting for any purpose germane to the Keryx Special Meeting. The list will also be available at the Keryx
Special Meeting for inspection by any Keryx shareholder present at the Keryx Special Meeting.

Assistance

If you need assistance in completing your proxy card or have questions regarding the Keryx Special Meeting, please contact Georgeson, the proxy
solicitor for Keryx, by telephone toll-free at (888) 680-1525.

KERYX PROPOSALS

Keryx Proposal 1: The Keryx Merger Proposal

Keryx shareholders are asked to adopt the Merger Agreement that it has entered into with Akebia and Merger Sub. Keryx shareholders should
carefully read this joint proxy statement/prospectus in its entirety, including the documents incorporated by reference and the Merger Agreement, for
more detailed information concerning the Merger Agreement and the Keryx Merger Proposal. For a summary and detailed information regarding this
Keryx Merger Proposal, see the information about the Merger and the Merger Agreement throughout this joint proxy statement/prospectus, including the
information set forth in the sections entitled “The Merger” and “The Merger Agreement” beginning on pages 68 and 138, respectively, of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. A copy of the Merger Agreement, including the First Amendment to the Merger Agreement, dated as of October 1, 2018, by and
among Akebia, Keryx and Merger Sub (the “First Amendment to the Merger Agreement”), is attached as Annex A to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.

Approval of the Keryx Merger Proposal is a condition to the consummation of the Merger. If this Keryx Merger Proposal is not approved,
the Merger will not occur. If you abstain from voting, fail to cast your vote, in person or by proxy, or fail to give voting instructions to your brokerage
firm, bank, trust or other nominee, it will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement. See “The Merger—
Keryx’s Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of the Keryx Board” beginning on page 83 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

The Keryx Board formed a special committee of three independent directors (the “Keryx Special Committee”), to, among other things, review and
evaluate the Merger, the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Keryx Merger Proposal, and consider and evaluate
alternatives available to Keryx. The Keryx Board, upon the unanimous recommendation of the Keryx Special Committee, unanimously determined that
the Merger and the Merger Agreement were advisable and in the best interests of Keryx and its shareholders, approved the Merger Agreement and
recommended that Keryx shareholders adopt the Merger Agreement.
 

59



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 72/209

Table of Contents

The Keryx Board unanimously recommends that Keryx shareholders vote “FOR” the Keryx Merger Proposal to adopt the Merger
Agreement.

Keryx Proposal 2: The Keryx Adjournment Proposal

Keryx shareholders are asked to approve adjournments of the Keryx Special Meeting from time to time, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit
additional affirmative votes in favor of the Keryx Merger Proposal if there are insufficient votes at the time of such adjournment to approve the Keryx
Merger Proposal. The Merger Agreement provides that the Keryx Special Meeting will not be postponed or adjourned to a date that is more than ten
business days after the date for which the Keryx Special Meeting was originally scheduled without the consent of Akebia. Consummation of the Merger
is not conditioned on the approval of this Keryx Adjournment Proposal.

If the Keryx shareholders approve this Keryx Adjournment Proposal, Keryx could adjourn or postpone the Keryx Special Meeting, and any
adjourned or postponed session of the Keryx Special Meeting, and use the additional time to solicit additional proxies for the approval of the Keryx
Merger Proposal.

If, at the Keryx Special Meeting, the number of Keryx Shares present in person or by proxy and voting in favor of the Keryx Merger Proposal is
not sufficient to approve that proposal, Keryx may move to adjourn the Special Meeting in order to enable the Keryx Board to solicit additional proxies
for the approval of the Keryx Merger Proposal. In that event, the Keryx shareholders will be asked to vote only upon the Keryx Adjournment Proposal,
and not the Keryx Merger Proposal or the Keryx Advisory Compensation Proposal. The approval of the Keryx Adjournment Proposal requires the
affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting interests of the Keryx Shares present, in person or by proxy, and entitled to vote on the
proposal at the Keryx Special Meeting. If you abstain from voting on the Keryx Adjournment Proposal, it will have the same effect as a vote cast
“AGAINST” the Keryx Adjournment Proposal. If you fail to cast your vote, in person or by proxy, or fail to give voting instructions to your brokerage
firm, bank, trust or other nominee, it will have no effect on the Keryx Adjournment Proposal.

The Keryx Adjournment Proposal relates only to adjournments of the Keryx Special Meeting occurring for purposes of soliciting additional
proxies for approval of Keryx Merger Proposal in the event that there are insufficient votes to approve that proposal. Keryx may also choose to
(i) adjourn the meeting at any time or (ii) postpone the meeting before it is convened without shareholder approval, in each case under the authority
provided by the Keryx bylaws and Delaware law. In the case that a quorum is not present at the Keryx Special Meeting, the Keryx bylaws provide that
the meeting may be adjourned by a majority of the Keryx Shares present and entitled to vote or, if there are no Keryx Shares present and entitled to vote,
by any officer of Keryx entitled to preside at or to act as secretary of the Keryx Special Meeting. If a quorum is not present at the Keryx Special
Meeting, each vote cast in favor of the Keryx Adjournment Proposal will also count as a vote cast in favor of adjourning the meeting.

The Keryx Board unanimously recommends that Keryx shareholders vote “FOR” the Keryx Adjournment Proposal.

Keryx Proposal 3: The Keryx Advisory Compensation Proposal

Keryx is providing its shareholders with the opportunity to vote, on a non-binding, advisory basis, to approve the agreements or understandings
between Keryx’s named executive officers and Keryx concerning compensation that is based on or otherwise relates to the Merger, as required by
Section 14A of the Exchange Act and the applicable SEC rules issued thereunder, which were enacted pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform
and Consumer Protection Act of 2010. This proposal, commonly known as the “say on golden parachute” vote, gives Keryx shareholders the
opportunity to vote on a non-binding, advisory basis on such agreements or understandings and the related compensation that will or may be paid to its
named executive
 

60



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 73/209

Table of Contents

officers in connection with the Merger. This non-binding, advisory proposal relates only to already existing contractual obligations of Keryx that may
result in a payment or benefit to Keryx’s named executive officers in connection with, or following, the consummation of the Merger and does not relate
to any new compensation or other arrangements that may be entered into between Keryx’s named executive officers and Akebia or any of its
subsidiaries.

The compensation payments that Keryx’s named executive officers may be entitled to receive in connection with the Merger are summarized in
the section entitled “The Merger—Quantification of Potential Payments to Keryx Named Executive Officers in Connection with the Merger” beginning
on page 129 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

The Keryx Board encourages you to carefully review the compensation information disclosed in this joint proxy statement/prospectus, including
in the description referenced above.

The Keryx Board is presenting this Keryx Advisory Compensation Proposal, which gives Keryx shareholders the opportunity to express their
views on the “golden parachute” compensation by voting for or against (or abstaining with respect to) the following resolution:

“RESOLVED, that the shareholders of Keryx approve, solely on a non-binding, advisory basis, the agreements or understandings between Keryx’s
named executive officers and Keryx and the related compensation that will or may be paid to its named executive officers in connection with the
Merger, as disclosed pursuant to Item 402(t) of Regulation S-K in the section of the joint proxy statement/prospectus entitled “The Merger—
Quantification of Potential Payments to Keryx Named Executive Officers in Connection with the Merger” beginning on page 129 of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.

The vote on the Keryx Advisory Compensation Proposal is a vote separate and apart from the vote on the Keryx Merger Proposal and is not a
condition to completion of the Merger. Accordingly, you may vote to adopt the Merger Agreement pursuant to the Keryx Merger Proposal and vote not
to approve the Keryx Advisory Compensation Proposal and vice versa. This Keryx Advisory Compensation Proposal is merely an advisory vote and will
not be binding on Keryx, Akebia, the Keryx Board or the Akebia Board regardless of whether the Merger Agreement is adopted pursuant to the Keryx
Merger Proposal. Further, the underlying compensation agreements and understandings are contractual in nature and not, by their terms, subject to
shareholder approval. Regardless of the outcome of the advisory vote, if the Merger is completed, Keryx’s named executive officers will be eligible to
receive the Merger-related compensation payments and benefits, in accordance with the terms and conditions of the applicable compensation agreements
and understandings relating to those payments and benefits.

Approval of the non-binding, Keryx Advisory Compensation Proposal requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the voting interests of the
Keryx Shares present, in person or by proxy, and entitled to vote on the proposal at the Keryx Special Meeting. If you fail to submit a proxy and do not
attend the Keryx Special Meeting in person or if you do not provide your bank, broker, or other nominee with voting instructions on the Keryx Advisory
Compensation Proposal, your Keryx Shares will have no effect on the Keryx Advisory Compensation Proposal. If you abstain from voting on the Keryx
Advisory Compensation Proposal, it will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the Keryx Advisory Compensation Proposal.

The Keryx Board unanimously recommends that the Keryx shareholders vote “FOR” the approval, on a non-binding, advisory basis, of
the Keryx Advisory Compensation Proposal.
 

61



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 74/209

Table of Contents

THE AKEBIA SPECIAL MEETING

Date, Time, and Place of the Akebia Special Meeting

The Akebia Special Meeting will be held at 11 a.m., local time, on December 11, 2018, at the offices of Latham & Watkins LLP located at 200
Clarendon Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02116. On or about October 31, 2018, Akebia commenced mailing this joint proxy statement/prospectus and
the enclosed form of proxy card to its shareholders entitled to vote at the Akebia Special Meeting.

Purpose of the Akebia Special Meeting

At the Akebia Special Meeting, Akebia shareholders will be asked to consider and vote upon the following proposals:
 

 1. Akebia Share Issuance Proposal; and
 

 2. Akebia Adjournment Proposal.

Recommendation of the Akebia Board

The Akebia Board recommends that the Akebia shareholders vote “FOR” the Akebia Share Issuance Proposal and “FOR” the Akebia
Adjournment Proposal. See “The Merger—Akebia’s Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of the Akebia Board” beginning on page 87 of this joint
proxy statement/prospectus.

Consummation of the Merger is conditioned on approval of the Akebia Share Issuance Proposal. Consummation of the Merger is not conditioned
on the approval of the Akebia Adjournment Proposal.

Record Date for the Akebia Special Meeting and Quorum

Record Date

Only holders of record of Akebia Shares at 5:00 p.m. U.S. Eastern Time on October 22, 2018, the record date for the Akebia Special Meeting, will
be entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the Akebia Special Meeting or any postponements or adjournments thereof. Each Akebia Share entitles the holder
thereof to cast one vote on each matter that comes before the Akebia Special Meeting.

As of the record date for the Akebia Special Meeting, there were 57,059,063 Akebia Shares outstanding and entitled to vote at the Akebia Special
Meeting.

Quorum

In order for business to be conducted at the Akebia Special Meeting, a quorum must be present. The presence of Akebia shareholders entitled to
cast a majority of all votes entitled to be cast by the holders of all outstanding Akebia Shares entitled to vote, in person or represented by proxy, is
necessary to constitute a quorum at the Akebia Special Meeting. Abstentions (Akebia shares for which proxies have been received but for which the
holders have abstained from voting or as to which the holder attends the Akebia Special Meeting in person but does not vote) will be counted as present
and entitled to vote for purposes of determining a quorum. Shares for which no voting instructions were provided to the broker will not be included in
the calculation of the number of Akebia Shares represented at the Akebia Special Meeting for purposes of determining whether a quorum has been
achieved. However, your Akebia Shares will be counted toward determining whether a quorum is present if you instruct your bank, broker, or other
nominee on how to vote your Akebia Shares with respect to one or more of the Akebia Proposals.
 

62



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 75/209

Table of Contents

Required Vote

Approval by Akebia shareholders of the Akebia Share Issuance Proposal is a condition to the consummation of the Merger. If the Akebia Share
Issuance Proposal is not approved, the Merger will not be consummated. The Akebia Adjournment Proposal is not a condition to the consummation of
the Merger.

Required Vote to Approve the Akebia Share Issuance Proposal

Approval of the Akebia Share Issuance Proposal requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the votes cast affirmatively or
negatively thereon at the Akebia Special Meeting.

Required Vote to Approve the Akebia Adjournment Proposal

Approval of the Akebia Adjournment Proposal requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the votes cast affirmatively or
negatively thereon at the Akebia Special Meeting.

Akebia Voting Agreement

Simultaneously with the execution of the Merger Agreement, Keryx entered into the Akebia Voting Agreement with Mr. Satter, pursuant to which
Mr. Satter has agreed, among other things, to vote the Akebia Shares that he beneficially owns in favor of the Akebia Proposals and against approval of
any proposal made in opposition to, in competition with, or inconsistent with, the Merger Agreement or the Merger.

Mr. Satter is the beneficial owner of approximately 5% of Akebia Shares as of the record date for the Akebia Special Meeting.

Voting by Akebia’s Directors and Executive Officers

As of the record date for the Akebia Special Meeting, directors and executive officers of Akebia and their affiliates owned and were entitled to
vote 3,465,234 Akebia Shares, representing approximately 6.07% of the Akebia Shares outstanding on that date. Akebia currently expects that Akebia’s
directors and executive officers will vote their Akebia Shares in favor of the Akebia Proposals, although none of them has entered into any agreement
obligating him or her to do so, other than Mr.  Satter.

Voting of Proxies; Incomplete Proxies

If you are a shareholder of record of Akebia Shares as of the record date for the Akebia Special Meeting, a proxy card is enclosed for your use.
Akebia requests that Akebia shareholders sign the accompanying proxy and return it promptly in the enclosed postage-paid envelope. Akebia
shareholders may also authorize a proxy to vote their Akebia Shares by telephone or through the Internet. Information and applicable deadlines for
authorizing a proxy to vote by telephone or through the Internet are set forth on the enclosed proxy card. When the accompanying proxy is returned
properly executed, the Akebia Shares represented by it will be voted at the Akebia Special Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof in
accordance with the instructions contained in the proxy.

If a proxy is signed and returned without an indication as to how the Akebia Shares represented by the proxy are to be voted with regard to a
particular proposal, the Akebia Shares represented by the proxy will be voted in favor of each such proposal, as applicable, in accordance with the
recommendation of the Akebia Board. In accordance with the Akebia bylaws and the DGCL, except as otherwise required by law, business transacted at
the Akebia Special Meeting will be limited to those matters set forth in the notice of the meeting.

Your vote is important. Accordingly, please submit a proxy as soon as possible by telephone, over the Internet, or by signing and
returning the enclosed proxy card, whether or not you plan to attend the Akebia Special Meeting in person.
 

63



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 76/209

Table of Contents

Failures to Vote, Broker Non-Votes, and Abstentions

If you hold your Akebia Shares in a stock brokerage account or if your Akebia Shares are held by a bank, broker, or other nominee (that is, in
“street name”), you must provide the record holder of your shares with instructions on how to vote your Akebia Shares. Please follow the voting
instructions provided by your bank, broker, or other nominee. Please note that you are not permitted to vote Akebia Shares held in “street name” by
returning a proxy card directly to Akebia or by voting in person at the Akebia Special Meeting unless you provide a “legal proxy,” which you must
obtain from your bank, broker, or other nominee. Obtaining a legal proxy may take several days. Further, brokers who hold Akebia Shares on behalf of
their customers may not give a proxy to Akebia to vote those shares without specific instructions from their customers.

Accordingly, if your bank, broker, or other nominee holds your Akebia Shares in “street name” as of the record date for the Akebia Special
Meeting and you fail to instruct your bank, broker, or other nominee to vote your Akebia Shares, your bank, broker, or other nominee will not be
permitted to vote on your behalf on the Akebia Share Issuance Proposal or the Akebia Adjournment Proposal and your Akebia Shares will not be
counted towards determining whether a quorum is present. Your Akebia Shares will, however, be counted toward determining whether a quorum is
present if you instruct your bank, broker, or other nominee on how to vote your Akebia Shares with respect to one or both of the Akebia Proposals.

Even if your Akebia Shares are held in “street name,” you are welcome to attend the Akebia Special Meeting. If your Akebia Shares are held in
street name, you may not vote your Akebia Shares in person at the Akebia Special Meeting unless you obtain a proxy, executed in your favor, from the
holder of record (i.e., your bank, broker, or other nominee). If you hold your Akebia Shares in “street name” and wish to vote in person, please contact
your bank, broker, or other nominee before the Akebia Special Meeting to obtain the necessary proxy from the holder of record.

Under Nasdaq rules, brokers do not have discretionary authority to vote on non-routine matters. A “broker non-vote” occurs when a broker
submits a proxy that states that the broker votes for at least one proposal, but does not vote for proposals on non-routine matters because the broker has
not received instructions from the beneficial owners on how to vote and thus does not have discretionary authority to vote on those proposals. Because
all of the matters to be considered at the Akebia Special Meeting are non-routine and brokers will not have discretionary authority to vote on any of the
Akebia Proposals, Akebia does not expect to receive any broker non-votes. If broker non-votes were received, they would not have any impact on the
outcome of the Akebia Share Issuance Proposal or Akebia Adjournment Proposal.

Abstentions and failures to attend the Akebia Special Meeting (in person or by proxy) and vote will have no effect on the Akebia Share Issuance
Proposal or the Akebia Adjournment Proposal.

Revocability of Proxies and Changes to an Akebia Shareholder’s Vote

If you are a holder of record of Akebia Shares on the record date for the Akebia Special Meeting, you have the power to revoke your proxy at any
time before your proxy is exercised at the Akebia Special Meeting. You can revoke your proxy in one of three ways:
 

 
•  sending a written notice of revocation that is received by Akebia prior to 11:59 p.m. (U.S. Eastern Time) on the day preceding the Akebia

Special Meeting, stating that you would like to revoke your proxy, to Nicole R. Hadas, Akebia’s Secretary, at 245 First Street, Cambridge,
Massachusetts 02142;

 

 
•  submitting a new proxy bearing a later date (by Internet, telephone or mail) that is received by Akebia prior to 11:59 p.m. (U.S. Eastern

Time) on the day preceding the Akebia Special Meeting; or
 

 
•  attending the Akebia Special Meeting and voting in person or bringing a written notice of revocation to the Secretary of the Akebia Special

Meeting prior to the voting at the Akebia Special Meeting (your attendance at the meeting will not, by itself, revoke your proxy; you must
vote in person by ballot at the

 
64



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 77/209

Table of Contents

 

meeting to change your vote or submit a written notice of revocation to revoke your proxy). Attending the Akebia Special Meeting will not
automatically revoke a proxy that was submitted through the Internet or by telephone or mail. If you wish to change your vote at the
Akebia Special Meeting, you must vote by ballot at such meeting to change your vote, or if you wish to revoke your vote at the
Akebia Special Meeting you must bring a written notice of revocation to the Secretary of the Akebia Special Meeting prior to the
voting of the Akebia Special Meeting.

If you are an Akebia shareholder whose shares are held in “street name” by a bank, broker, or other nominee, you may revoke your proxy and vote
your Akebia Shares in person at the Akebia Special Meeting only in accordance with applicable rules and procedures as employed by such bank, broker,
or other nominee. If your shares are held in an account at a bank, broker, or other nominee, you should contact your bank, broker, or other nominee to
change your vote.

Solicitation of Proxies

The cost of the solicitation of proxies from Akebia shareholders will be borne by Akebia. In addition to solicitations by mail, Akebia’s directors,
officers and employees may solicit proxies personally, by telephone, by facsimile or otherwise, without additional compensation. Akebia will also
request brokerage firms, nominees, custodians and fiduciaries to forward proxy materials to the beneficial owners of Akebia Shares held of record on the
record date for the Akebia Special Meeting and will provide customary reimbursement to such firms for the cost of forwarding these materials. Akebia
has retained MacKenzie to assist in the solicitation of proxies and has agreed to pay them a fee of approximately $40,000, plus reasonable and
documented expenses, for these services.

Adjournments

Although it is not currently expected, the Akebia Special Meeting may be adjourned for the purpose of soliciting additional proxies if Akebia has
not received sufficient proxies to constitute a quorum or sufficient votes for approval of the Akebia Share Issuance Proposal. Pursuant to the Akebia
bylaws, notice need not be given of any such adjourned meeting if the time and place thereof are announced at the meeting at which adjournment is
taken. If the Akebia Special Meeting is adjourned for the purpose of soliciting additional proxies, shareholders who have already sent in their proxies
will be allowed to revoke them at any time prior to their use. The Merger Agreement provides that the Akebia Special Meeting will not be adjourned to
a date that is more than ten business days after the date for which the Akebia Special Meeting was originally scheduled without the consent of Keryx.

Postponements

At any time prior to convening the Akebia Special Meeting, the Akebia Board may postpone the meeting for any reason without the approval of
the Akebia shareholders. The Merger Agreement provides that the Keryx Special Meeting will not be postponed to a date that is more than ten business
days after the date for which the Keryx Special Meeting was originally scheduled without the consent of Keryx. Although it is not currently expected,
the Akebia Board may postpone the Akebia Special Meeting for the purpose of soliciting additional proxies if Akebia has not received sufficient proxies
to constitute a quorum or sufficient votes for approval of the Akebia Share Issuance Proposal. If the Akebia Special Meeting is postponed for the
purpose of soliciting additional proxies, shareholders who have already sent in their proxies will be allowed to revoke them at any time prior to their use.

Attending the Akebia Special Meeting

Subject to space availability and certain security procedures, all Akebia shareholders as of the record date of the Akebia Special Meeting, or their
duly appointed proxies, may attend the Akebia Special Meeting. Each person attending the Akebia Special Meeting must have proof of ownership of
Akebia Shares, as well as a valid
 

65



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 78/209

Table of Contents

government-issued photo identification, such as a driver’s license or passport, to be admitted to the meeting. If you hold your Akebia Shares in your
name as a shareholder of record, you will need proof of ownership of Akebia Shares. If your Akebia Shares are held in “street name” in the name of a
bank, broker, or other nominee and you plan to attend the Akebia Special Meeting, you must present proof of your ownership of Akebia Shares, such as
a bank or brokerage account statement, to be admitted to the meeting.

Shareholder List

A list of Akebia shareholders entitled to vote at the Akebia Special Meeting will be available for inspection at Akebia’s corporate office, located at
245 First Street, Cambridge, Massachusetts 02142, at least ten days prior to the date of the Akebia Special Meeting and continuing through the Akebia
Special Meeting for any purpose germane to the Akebia Special Meeting. The list will also be available at the Akebia Special Meeting for inspection by
any Akebia shareholder present at the Akebia Special Meeting.

Assistance

If you need assistance in completing your proxy card or have questions regarding the Akebia Special Meeting, please contact MacKenzie, the
proxy solicitor for Akebia, by telephone toll-free at (800) 322-2885.

AKEBIA PROPOSALS

Akebia Proposal 1: The Akebia Share Issuance Proposal

Akebia shareholders are asked to approve the issuance of Akebia Shares to Keryx shareholders in connection with the Merger. Akebia
shareholders should carefully read this joint proxy statement/prospectus in its entirety, including the documents incorporated by reference and the
Merger Agreement, for more detailed information concerning the Merger Agreement and the Akebia Share Issuance Proposal. For a detailed discussion
of the terms of the Merger Agreement and the Merger, including the proposed Akebia share issuance, see the information about the Merger and the
Merger Agreement throughout this joint proxy statement/prospectus, including the information set forth in sections entitled “The Merger” and “The
Merger Agreement” beginning on pages 68 and 138, respectively, of this joint proxy statement/prospectus. A copy of the Merger Agreement, including
the First Amendment to the Merger Agreement, is attached as Annex A to this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

Approval of the Akebia Share Issuance Proposal is a condition to the consummation of the Merger. If the Akebia Share Issuance Proposal is
not approved, the Merger will not occur. For a detailed discussion of the conditions of the Merger, see “The Merger Agreement—Conditions to
Consummation of the Merger” beginning on page 141 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

The approval of the Akebia Share Issuance Proposal requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the votes cast affirmatively or
negatively thereon at the Akebia Special Meeting.

Recommendation of the Akebia Board. The Akebia Board formed a transaction committee (the “Akebia Transaction Committee”) of five
independent directors as further described in “The Merger—Background of the Merger” beginning on page 69 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.
The Akebia Board, upon the unanimous recommendation of the Akebia Transaction Committee, unanimously determined that the Merger Agreement
and the Merger are advisable and in the best interests of Akebia and its shareholders, adopted and approved the Merger Agreement and transactions
contemplated thereby, and recommended that Akebia shareholders approve the Akebia Share Issuance Proposal. Accordingly, the Akebia Board
unanimously recommends that Akebia shareholders vote “FOR” the Akebia Share Issuance Proposal.
 

66



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 79/209

Table of Contents

Akebia Proposal 2: The Akebia Adjournment Proposal

Akebia shareholders are asked to approve adjournments of the Akebia Special Meeting from time to time, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit
additional affirmative votes in favor of the Akebia Share Issuance Proposal if there are insufficient votes at the time of such adjournment to approve the
Akebia Share Issuance Proposal. The Merger Agreement provides that the Akebia Special Meeting will not be postponed or adjourned to a date that is
more than ten business days after the date for which the Keryx Special Meeting was originally scheduled without the consent of Keryx. Consummation
of the Merger is not conditioned on the approval of this Akebia Adjournment Proposal.

If the Akebia shareholders approve this Akebia Adjournment Proposal, Akebia could adjourn or postpone the Akebia Special Meeting, and any
adjourned or postponed session of the Akebia Special Meeting, and use the additional time to solicit additional proxies for the approval of the Akebia
Share Issuance Proposal.

If, at the Akebia Special Meeting, the number of Akebia Shares present or represented and voting in favor of the Akebia Share Issuance Proposal
is insufficient to approve such proposal, Akebia may move to adjourn the Akebia Special Meeting in order to enable the Akebia Board to solicit
additional proxies for approval of the Akebia Share Issuance Proposal. In that event, the Akebia shareholders will be asked to vote only upon the Akebia
Adjournment Proposal, and not the Akebia Share Issuance Proposal. Additionally, pursuant to the Akebia bylaws, the Chairperson of the meeting may
adjourn the meeting without the approval of the Akebia shareholders. Approval of the Akebia Adjournment Proposal requires the affirmative vote of the
holders of a majority of the votes cast affirmatively or negatively thereon at the Akebia Special Meeting. If you abstain from voting, fail to cast your
vote, in person or by proxy, or fail to give voting instructions to your brokerage firm, bank, trust or other nominee, it will have no effect on the Akebia
Adjournment Proposal.

The Akebia Adjournment Proposal relates only to adjournments of the Akebia Special Meeting occurring for purposes of soliciting additional
proxies for approval of the Akebia Share Issuance Proposal in the event that there are insufficient votes to approve that proposal. Akebia retains full
authority to the extent set forth in its bylaws and Delaware law (subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement) to adjourn the Akebia Special Meeting
for any other purpose, or to postpone the Akebia Special Meeting before it is convened, without the consent of any Akebia shareholders.

The Akebia Board unanimously recommends that Akebia shareholders vote “FOR” the Akebia Adjournment Proposal.
 

67



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 80/209

Table of Contents

THE MERGER

The following is a description of certain material aspects of the Merger. This description may not contain all of the information that may be
important to you. The discussion of the Merger in this joint proxy statement/prospectus is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement,
which is attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus as Annex A. We encourage you to read carefully this entire joint proxy statement/prospectus,
including the annexes and exhibits to, and the documents incorporated by reference in, this joint proxy statement/prospectus and the exhibits to the
registration statement to which this joint proxy statement/prospectus relates, for a more complete understanding of the Merger and the documents
incorporated by reference. This section is not intended to provide you with any factual information about Akebia or Keryx. Such information can be
found elsewhere in this joint proxy statement/prospectus and in the public filings Akebia and Keryx make with the SEC, as described in “Where You Can
Find More Information” and “Incorporation of Certain Documents by Reference” beginning on pages 185 and 186, respectively, of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.

General Description of the Merger

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub will merge with and into Keryx, with Keryx surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of Akebia. In
the Merger, each Keryx Share issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than shares held by Akebia, Merger Sub, any
subsidiaries of Keryx or Akebia, or by Keryx as treasury shares) will become the right to receive 0.37433 Akebia Shares.

Immediately following the Effective Time, Keryx shareholders and Akebia shareholders are expected to own approximately 50.6% and 49.4%,
respectively, of the Akebia Shares, calculated based on the companies’ fully diluted market capitalizations as of the signing of the Merger Agreement
and also taking into account the Additional Shares expected to be issued to Baupost in connection with the conversion under that certain Notes
Conversion Agreement prior to the consummation of the Merger. Keryx Shares currently trade on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol
“KERX,” and Akebia Shares currently trade on The Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol “AKBA.” Following the consummation of the Merger,
Akebia Shares will continue to be listed on The Nasdaq Global Market and will continue to trade under the symbol “AKBA.”

Consideration to be Received by the Keryx Shareholders

In the Merger, each Keryx Share issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than shares held by Akebia, Merger Sub,
any subsidiaries of Akebia or Keryx, or by Keryx as treasury shares) will become the right to receive 0.37433 Akebia Shares.

Notes Conversion Transactions

In connection with the Merger, Keryx entered into a Notes Conversion Agreement with Baupost, the holder of approximately $164.75 million of
Keryx’s Convertible Notes and, with respect to certain sections only, Akebia. Pursuant to the terms of the Notes Conversion Agreement, Baupost has
agreed to convert the Convertible Notes into 35,582,335 Keryx Shares (the “Conversion Shares”) in accordance with the terms of the governing
indenture, dated May 9, 2018, by and between Keryx and the Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (the “Indenture”), immediately prior to
the Effective Time of the Merger, conditioned upon the issuance to Baupost of an additional 4,000,000 Keryx Shares (the “Additional Shares”) and the
satisfaction of the conditions in the Merger contained in Article 6 of the Merger Agreement. The Conversion Shares and the Additional Shares will be
issued prior to the Effective Time and will become Akebia Shares with the same Exchange Multiplier as other Keryx Shares.
 

68



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 81/209

Table of Contents

Background of the Merger

Each of the Akebia Board and the Keryx Board, together with members of the respective management teams of Akebia and Keryx, regularly
reviews and assesses the performance, future growth prospects, business plans and overall strategic direction of Akebia and Keryx, respectively, and
considers a variety of strategic alternatives that may be available to Akebia and Keryx, respectively, including continuing to pursue each respective
company’s strategy as a standalone company or pursuing potential strategic or financing transactions with third parties, in each case with the goal of
maximizing shareholder value.

In connection with such a review by Akebia and with the consent of the Akebia Board, on December 8, 2017, John P. Butler, President and Chief
Executive Officer of Akebia, contacted Gregory P. Madison, then-President and Chief Executive Officer of Keryx, to discuss the potential for a
transaction between Akebia and Keryx.

In connection with such a review by Keryx and following the December 8, 2017 discussion between Mr. Butler and Mr. Madison, on
December 13, 2017, the Keryx Board held a meeting at which members of Keryx management and a representative of Perella Weinberg Partners
(“PWP”) participated. As part of this meeting, PWP provided an overview of the merger and acquisition landscape in the life sciences industry, and the
Keryx Board discussed potential business development initiatives, including potential business combination transactions and various possible merger
partners. Also during this meeting, Mr. Madison reported to the Keryx Board on, and the Keryx Board discussed, Mr. Madison’s conversation with
Mr. Butler. The Keryx Board also received an operational and financial update from management and discussed how Keryx’s cash position would likely
limit its ability to undertake an acquisition, development or licensing deal. Following these discussions, the Keryx Board considered the possibility that
a strategic transaction, such as a merger or company sale, might provide the Keryx shareholders with more value than proceeding as a standalone
company and instructed Keryx management to work with certain Keryx Board members in a preliminary exploration of strategic alternatives and
identifying potential merger partners or possible acquirers of Keryx.

In the days following the December 13, 2017 Keryx Board meeting, certain members of the Keryx Board held meetings with members of the
Keryx management team to further discuss business development initiatives, including potential business combination transactions, various possible
merger partners and potential acquirers and other strategic alternatives. The Keryx Board instructed Keryx management to engage in high-level
discussions about a potential business combination with Akebia, “Party A” and “Party B,” which parties the Keryx Board believed to be the most viable
potential merger partners based on the profiles reviewed of eight potential strategic partners or acquirers in the industry. Also during this time, the Keryx
Board and management engaged in high level discussions with representatives of Baupost, Keryx’s largest shareholder and the holder of the then-
existing Zero Coupon Convertible Senior Notes due 2020 (the “Convertible Notes due 2020”), to ensure that Baupost would be supportive of such an
exploration and consideration of such a transaction.

In connection with these discussions and with the support and authorization of the Keryx Board, Keryx engaged PWP as its financial advisor and
Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP (“Skadden”) as its outside legal counsel with respect to a potential strategic transaction, and PWP reached
out to Akebia, Party A and Party B to gauge each party’s interest in exploring a strategic transaction with Keryx. PWP was chosen to assist Keryx as a
financial advisor given its expertise and experience with similar merger transactions, and because of the familiarity of several members of Keryx
management and the Keryx Board with PWP.

Following those discussions, in December 2017, Akebia and Keryx entered into a reciprocal confidentiality agreement, and representatives of
management from Akebia and Keryx met to discuss a potential transaction between the parties and conduct initial due diligence concerning the
companies’ businesses. As part of these discussions, the parties considered the benefits and risks of such a transaction, including that a combination of
the two companies would have an expanded and complementary nephrology portfolio with an infrastructure to maximize potential for both Auryxia and
vadadustat. However, given the balance sheets and cash positions of the
 

69



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 82/209

Table of Contents

two companies, further financing for the combined company would likely be important to achieve long-term success for a combined company. The
parties also considered that the combined company would likely be in a better position to raise equity capital if it were able to eliminate Keryx’s
Convertible Notes due 2020 held by Baupost. The parties determined to continue discussions over the course of the following weeks. The risks and
benefits considered by the parties throughout their consideration of the Merger can be found under the headings “The Merger—Keryx’s Reasons for the
Merger; Recommendation of the Keryx Board” and “The Merger—Akebia’s Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of the Akebia Board” beginning
on pages 83 and 87, respectively, of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

On December 19, 2017, the Akebia Board held a regularly scheduled meeting, together with members of Akebia management, representatives of
Evercore, and representatives from Ropes & Gray LLP (“Ropes & Gray”), legal counsel to Akebia, at which the potential transaction was discussed.
During the meeting, Akebia management and the Akebia Board discussed Keryx and its product, Auryxia. Akebia management presented an overview,
including the risks and potential benefits of the potential transaction with Keryx, and provided an update regarding the discussions with Keryx. The
Akebia Board also discussed certain relationships between members of the Akebia Board, on the one hand, and Keryx and Baupost, on the other hand.
The Akebia Board noted that Mr. Butler previously served as an independent member of the Keryx Board at the request of Baupost from December
2015 to September 2017, including as Chairperson of the Keryx Board from May 2016 to September 2017. It was also noted that Mr. Madison
previously worked with Mr. Butler in the renal division of Genzyme Corporation. The Akebia Board discussed that Ronald C. Renaud, Jr., a member of
the Akebia Board, served as Chief Financial Officer of Keryx from 2006 to 2007. The Akebia Board also discussed that Mr. Renaud currently serves as
Chief Executive Officer of Translate Bio, Inc., of which Baupost is an investor. Finally, the Akebia Board noted that Muneer A. Satter, the Chairperson
of the Akebia Board, also serves as Chairperson of the Board of Directors of Aerpio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (“Aerpio”), of which Michael Rogers, the
Chairperson of the Keryx Board, is Chief Financial Officer. The Akebia Board authorized Akebia management to expend the necessary corporate
resources in furtherance of preparing an offer of merger or other business combination with Keryx. Among other things, the Akebia Board viewed the
potential transaction as potentially creating a sustainable, kidney disease-focused, therapeutic leader that is well positioned to be a partner of choice
throughout the renal community and for companies developing renal products. The Akebia Board believed that a potential transaction with Keryx could
present the opportunity to establish a leading renal company with a large market opportunity, along with having significant synergy potential and an
experienced leadership team. Evercore was chosen to assist Akebia as a financial advisor in the transaction, among other reasons, because of its
qualifications, expertise and reputation, as well as its familiarity with Akebia’s business and the Akebia management team.

Following the meeting of the Akebia Board, on December 19, 2017, Mr. Butler contacted Mr. Madison, confirming that Akebia was interested in
further discussions regarding a potential transaction between Akebia and Keryx. Mr. Butler indicated that the parties should continue due diligence and
that Akebia would send a non-binding offer letter to Keryx in early January 2018 regarding a potential transaction if the diligence supported moving
forward.

From December 20, 2017 through January 4, 2018, members of management of Keryx and Akebia continued to have discussions as part of due
diligence of each company by the other. In January 2018, Akebia selected J.P. Morgan to be a financial co-advisor to Akebia in connection with the
potential transaction. J.P. Morgan was chosen to assist Akebia as a financial advisor because of, among other things, its experience and its qualifications
and reputation in connection with such matters and its familiarity with Akebia, Keryx and the industries in which they operate.

On the morning of January 4, 2018, Mr. Butler and Mr. Madison met in Boston, Massachusetts, to discuss certain topics regarding the potential
transaction, including the potential transaction structure, the potential management of the combined company and the potential structure of the board of
directors of the combined company.
 

70



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 83/209

Table of Contents

On the afternoon of January 4, 2018, the Akebia Board held a telephonic meeting, together with members of Akebia management and
representatives of Ropes & Gray and Evercore. Representatives of Ropes & Gray discussed the fiduciary duties of the Akebia Board in connection with
a potential transaction with Keryx, and the Akebia Board reviewed the relationships between certain members of the Akebia Board, on one hand, and
Keryx and Baupost, on the other hand, that were previously discussed at the Akebia Board’s December 19, 2017 meeting. The Akebia Board, Akebia
management and representatives of Evercore also discussed the opportunity presented by the potential transaction, financial analyses and certain
diligence items. The Akebia Board then reviewed and discussed the draft non-binding offer letter that had been prepared by Akebia management and
directed Mr. Butler to send the non-binding offer letter to Keryx. The non-binding offer letter proposed, among other terms, a stock-for-stock merger of
0.299 Akebia Shares for each Keryx Share outstanding, which assumed, among other things, the full conversion of the Convertible Notes due 2020. At
this exchange ratio, Keryx security holders would hold approximately 48.5% of the combined company. The offer letter also provided for the Combined
Board to consist of four designees from the Akebia Board, one of whom would be the Chairperson, four designees from the Keryx Board, and the Chief
Executive Officer of the combined company, who would be Mr. Butler. Additionally, the offer letter proposed that Baupost would provide a support
agreement in favor of the transaction and that Mr. Madison would serve in a leadership position at Akebia following the proposed transaction.

On the morning of January 5, 2018, Mr. Butler and Mr. Madison had a telephone call wherein Mr. Butler presented Mr. Madison with the material
terms of the non-binding offer letter, which was subsequently e-mailed to Mr. Madison.

On January 6, 2018, the Keryx Board held a telephonic meeting at which members of Keryx management, as well as representatives of Skadden
and PWP, participated. Skadden reviewed with the Keryx Board its fiduciary duties in connection with its receipt of the January 5, 2018 non-binding
offer letter from Akebia. Skadden also reviewed with the Keryx Board certain considerations with respect to Baupost and Mr. Butler’s former
membership on the Keryx Board in light of the potential transaction. After discussion, it was determined that the Baupost board observer would not
participate in Keryx Board meetings with respect to a potential merger transaction. The Keryx Board discussed the potential strategic benefits and risks
of a merger with Akebia. Keryx management also discussed with the Keryx Board that it would be meeting with Party A and Party B, individually, to
discuss a possible business combination with each company. The Keryx Board also discussed next steps, including that Keryx management and its
advisors should continue to engage in discussions with Akebia regarding a potential business combination, but that any such potential business
combination should be a merger of equals, with Akebia shareholders and Keryx shareholders owning 50% of the combined company, respectively. The
Keryx Board also directed Keryx management and Keryx’s advisors to propose that the Combined Board consist of four designees from each of the
Akebia Board and the Keryx Board, with the ninth director being a new independent director chosen by mutual agreement of Akebia and Keryx, and
that the Chairperson of the Combined Board would be designated by the Keryx Board Designees. The Keryx Board also directed Keryx management
and its advisors to propose that Keryx would be willing to request that Baupost convert the Convertible Notes due 2020 and sign a support agreement,
but only after Keryx and Akebia reach general agreement on the deal terms and once due diligence had been completed. The Keryx Board also indicated
that it was supportive of continuing discussions with Party A and Party B.

Also at this meeting, the Keryx Board formally formed a special transaction committee (the “Keryx Special Committee”) to explore the potential
business combination with Akebia and any other potential alternative transaction involving Keryx that may present itself (a “Potential Transaction”)
consisting of Michael Rogers, Mark J. Enyedy and Steven C. Gilman (which members had been working with representatives of Keryx management
during the preliminary exploration of potential business development initiatives since December 2017), with Mr. Enyedy serving as Chairperson. The
Keryx Special Committee was delegated authority to, among other things, (a) explore and consider Potential Transactions and to determine whether any
such Potential Transaction was in the best interests of and fair to the Keryx shareholders; (b) consult with Keryx management, financial and legal
advisors and any other advisors or the Keryx Board in connection with such exploration and
 

71



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 84/209

Table of Contents

consideration of any Potential Transaction; (c) enter into discussions and negotiations with respect to the terms and conditions of any Potential
Transaction; and (d) submit its recommendations with respect to any Potential Transaction to the Keryx Board for consideration. Throughout the Keryx
Special Committee’s evaluation of Potential Transactions, the Keryx Special Committee met frequently via telephone conference calls for formal
meetings, but its members were also in regular informal communication with Keryx management and advisors and with each other. The Keryx Special
Committee also received reports from and discussed the potential Akebia transaction with the Research and Development Committee of the Keryx
Board (the “R&D Committee”), whose members are Dr. Gilman, Michael T. Heffernan and Jodie Morrison, and which was charged with overseeing and
reviewing the regulatory and clinical due diligence undertakings on Akebia with respect to the potential transaction with Akebia.

On January 7, 2018, following discussions on the afternoon of January 6, 2018 between members of management of Keryx and Akebia and
representatives of PWP and Evercore regarding the merger terms, Mr. Madison sent Mr. Butler a non-binding response letter, which had been reviewed
by the Keryx Special Committee, outlining the terms authorized by the Keryx Board at its January 6, 2018 meeting. The terms authorized included an
exchange ratio of 0.3223 Akebia Shares for each Keryx Share. In addition, the response letter proposed a Combined Board consistent with that proposed
at the January 6, 2018 Keryx Board meeting. The response letter also provided that Mr. Madison would serve in a leadership position at the combined
company and proposed that Keryx would request a support agreement from Baupost in favor of the transaction and that Akebia would request a support
agreement from Mr. Satter in favor of the transaction.

On January 10, 2018, members of management of Akebia and Keryx met, along with their respective financial and legal advisors, to discuss due
diligence and a potential process and timeline for further exploration of a potential business combination between the two companies. At this meeting,
Akebia indicated it would be comfortable with a merger of equals, subject to due diligence and assuming the conversion of the outstanding Convertible
Notes due 2020 at no additional cost to Akebia. Akebia also proposed that the Chairperson of the Combined Board should be a new independent director
selected by the eight Continuing Directors and Keryx Board Designees, rather than selected by the Keryx Board Designees as proposed by Keryx in its
non-binding response letter of January 7, 2018. Akebia also noted that it desired to announce a financing transaction for the combined company at the
time the business combination between the parties was announced. Later on January 10, 2018, Evercore sent a counterproposal to PWP indicating that
Akebia was willing to pursue a merger of equals, but subject to completion of due diligence and assuming and conditioned upon the conversion of the
Convertible Notes due 2020 at no cost to Akebia.

From January 10, 2018, through January 18, 2018, members of Akebia and Keryx management and each company’s respective representatives
and advisors continued discussions, negotiations and diligence surrounding the potential transaction and its terms, including meetings and telephone
calls on the topics of quality control, commercialization, clinical trial programs, regulatory matters and intellectual property. During this time, each of
Akebia and Keryx made information available for the other party in their respective electronic datarooms.

During this time, at the instruction of the Keryx Special Committee, Keryx also engaged in high-level, preliminary discussions with each of Party
A and Party B regarding a potential strategic transaction between Keryx and Party A and Party B, respectively. Following such preliminary discussions,
between late January and early February, Party A informed Keryx that it would be unable to pursue a potential business combination at this time given
the status of Party A’s pipeline and certain governance issues. Also during this time, Keryx management and its financial and legal advisors periodically
met with, reported to and received authorization to take additional actions from the Keryx Special Committee.

On January 18, 2018, the Keryx Board held a telephonic meeting at which members of Keryx management, Skadden and PWP participated. At
this meeting, management and PWP reported to the Keryx Board on recent discussions with Akebia and PWP provided the Keryx Board with an
overview of the risks associated with announcing a financing transaction for the combined company in conjunction with an announcement of the
 

72



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 85/209

Table of Contents

business combination, including the increased complexity involved with such a financing could heighten the execution risk or the transaction as a whole.

Between January 20, 2018 and January 30, 2018, members of management of Akebia and Keryx met on several occasions, along with their
respective financial and legal advisors, to continue to discuss due diligence efforts and findings. On January 24, 2018, while reciprocal due diligence
was underway, Ropes & Gray circulated a draft of the Merger Agreement to the parties.

On February 2, 2018, the Keryx Board held a telephonic meeting at which members of Keryx management, Skadden and PWP participated. PWP
reported to the Keryx Board on recent discussions with Akebia and PWP, and Keryx management reported and discussed with the Keryx Board the
preliminary results of Keryx’s due diligence of Akebia to date. The Keryx Board also discussed uncertainties inherent in development stage companies.
The Keryx Board discussed next steps, including continued due diligence efforts.

Between February 2, 2018 and February 12, 2018, the parties continued to conduct reciprocal due diligence. During such time, members of Keryx
management and its outside consultants met with the R&D Committee to discuss Akebia’s vadadustat clinical program, as well as the timing and
investment required to complete Akebia’s vadadustat clinical program. At a meeting of the R&D Committee held on February 9, 2018, the R&D
Committee determined to recommend that the Keryx Board discontinue pursuing a transaction with Akebia at such time and reported its
recommendation to the members of the Keryx Special Committee.

On February 12, 2018, the R&D Committee reported to the Keryx Board the results of due diligence and certain uncertainties inherent in
development stage companies. The Keryx Board (including the Keryx Special Committee) determined, based on the report and recommendation of the
R&D Committee, that based on the due diligence to date and taking into account the risks attendant to a merger transaction with Akebia, including the
respective balance sheets and cash positions of the two companies, that it would be in the best interests of the Keryx shareholders if Keryx were to
continue as a standalone company and explore whether other potential merger partners might provide greater value to the Keryx shareholders.
Accordingly, the Keryx Board determined to cease discussions with Akebia regarding a potential transaction at that time.

On February 16, 2018, Mr. Madison contacted Mr. Butler to inform him that Keryx was not interested in pursuing a transaction with Akebia at that
time. Mr. Butler communicated this message to the Akebia Board and Akebia management. Both parties removed access by the other party to their
respective electronic data rooms. At this time, Keryx terminated its engagement of its legal and financial advisors with respect to the potential
transaction with Akebia.

Thereafter, over the next several weeks, the Keryx Board and the Keryx Special Committee worked with members of Keryx management to
explore other possible strategic opportunities, including other potential merger partners or acquirers, as a potential alternative to remaining a standalone
company. In connection with these undertakings, Keryx sought and received advice from MTS Health Partners as its financial advisor, who worked with
Keryx management and the Keryx Special Committee to identify a list of potential merger partners and acquirers. MTS Health Partners was chosen to
assist Keryx as its financial advisor because of, among other things, its knowledge of the life sciences industry, the familiarity of several members of
Keryx senior management and the Keryx Board with MTS Health Partners, and its experience with merger and sale transactions. The Keryx Special
Committee authorized Keryx management and MTS Health Partners to engage in high-level, preliminary discussions with the ten strategic parties who
had been identified by the Keryx Special Committee as the most viable potential acquirers based primarily on financial profile and market position,
perceived interest in Keryx and ability to pay. The Keryx Special Committee also authorized Keryx management and MTS Health Partners to engage in
high-level, preliminary discussions with three other parties who had been recommended by MTS Health Partners as viable potential merger partners and
to continue its discussions with Party B, who had signed a reciprocal and customary confidentiality agreement (absent an express standstill) in May
2017 in connection with earlier business development discussions with Party B. The Keryx Special
 

73



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 86/209

Table of Contents

Committee also instructed Keryx management to continue to monitor developments in Akebia’s business, programs and potential financing needs. The
Keryx Board also instructed Keryx management to continue discussions with Baupost on Keryx’s strategic opportunities, including a potential
refinancing of the Convertible Notes due 2020.

Following the outreach performed by MTS Health Partners, certain of the contacted parties engaged in high-level due diligence and preliminary
discussions with Keryx management and MTS Health Partners. None of the parties, however, was interested in pursuing an acquisition of or merger
with Keryx, including Party B, which cited timing concerns in light of its own portfolio and financial profile. During this time, Keryx also began
negotiating the refinancing of the Convertible Notes due 2020 with Baupost.

Also during this time, in March 2018, representatives of Baupost communicated to Akebia management that Baupost was interested in conducting
diligence on Akebia and its clinical program. Baupost and Akebia entered into a confidentiality agreement with the consent of the Akebia Board, and
thereafter, Akebia shared certain information with Baupost and Baupost’s consultants, and engaged in discussions with Baupost regarding diligence over
the next several weeks.

In March 2018, Akebia completed a public stock offering, raising $89.3 million in gross proceeds.

On April 27, 2018, the Keryx Board held a meeting at which members of Keryx management and Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky and Popeo,
P.C. (“Mintz Levin”), Keryx’s outside legal advisor, participated. Although the purpose of the meeting was to discuss the resignation of Mr. Madison as
Keryx’s Chief Executive Officer, the upcoming earnings announcement and the status of refinancing negotiations with Baupost, at this meeting,
representatives of Baupost also provided Keryx with access to a consultant who had conducted due diligence on Akebia, including on its clinical trial
and research and development programs. Also at this meeting, the Keryx Board determined that Ms. Morrison should contact Mr. Butler to inquire as to
whether Akebia would be interested in reengaging in discussions regarding a potential transaction with Keryx. Representatives from Keryx
management, including Ms. Morrison, who had been appointed Interim Chief Executive Officer of Keryx, then met with the Baupost consultant to
gather additional information regarding Akebia’s clinical program.

On April 29, 2018, Ms. Morrison contacted Mr. Butler to inform him of Mr. Madison’s departure and to indicate that Keryx would consider
renewing discussions regarding a potential transaction with Akebia in light of Keryx’s review of additional information regarding Akebia’s clinical
program for vadadustat, and to inquire whether Akebia would also be interested in reengaging in such discussions.

Between May 2, 2018 and May 5, 2018, Ms. Morrison and Mr. Butler discussed the process and timing of reengaging in the exploration of a
potential transaction between Keryx and Akebia. In connection with these discussions and other possible strategic opportunities, Keryx sought and
received advice from outside regulatory and clinical consultants and legal advisors, including Goodwin Procter LLP (“Goodwin”).

On May 4, 2018, the Akebia Board held a telephonic meeting, together with members of Akebia management, to discuss renewing interactions
with Keryx regarding a potential transaction. The Akebia Board directed Akebia management to continue preparatory work for a potential transaction
with Keryx.

On May 7, 2018, the Keryx Board held a telephonic meeting at which members of Keryx management, MTS Health Partners, Goodwin and Mintz
Levin participated. At this meeting, in addition to approving the exchange of the Convertible Notes due 2020 for the Convertible Notes to Baupost, the
Keryx Board discussed the possible business combination with Akebia and expressed its support for and authorized Ms. Morrison’s and Keryx
management’s reengaging in discussions with Mr. Butler and Akebia, including because of Akebia’s improved cash position as a result of its March
equity offering and the current dynamics in the marketplace. The Keryx Board also noted that the results of Akebia’s upcoming type-C meeting with the
FDA would be known and taken into account before any agreement with Akebia would be entered into by Keryx, thereby mitigating the clinical trial
uncertainties
 

74



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 87/209

Table of Contents

identified by the R&D Committee in February. Also at this meeting, Goodwin described the Keryx Board’s fiduciary duties in connection with its
consideration of a business combination with Akebia. The Keryx Board noted that Mr. Enyedy had been appointed to the Keryx Board as an
independent director at the request of Baupost, and also noted that Mr. Rogers was serving as the Chief Financial Officer of Aerpio and that the Akebia
Board’s Chairperson, Mr. Satter, was also the Chairperson of Aerpio’s Board of Directors. The Keryx Board discussed that, given the potential role of
Baupost and its consultant in the contemplated transaction, as well the relationship Mr. Rogers had with the Chairperson of the Akebia Board, it would
be prudent to reconstitute the Keryx Special Committee to alleviate any perceived conflicts of interest. Following such discussion, the Keryx Board
unanimously appointed Ms. Morrison, Mr. Heffernan and Dr. Gilman as the members of the Keryx Special Committee, and appointed Ms. Morrison as
Chairperson. The Keryx Special Committee noted that Keryx management had engaged MTS Health Partners and Goodwin to act as Keryx’s financial
and legal advisors, respectively, in connection with a potential transaction and determined that the Keryx Special Committee was comfortable relying on
the advice of such advisors without the need for any separate Keryx Special Committee advisors. The Keryx Special Committee also discussed and
approved the terms of an engagement letter with MTS Health Partners, which was entered into on May 18, 2018 and subsequently ratified by the full
Keryx Board. Throughout the reconstituted Keryx Special Committee’s evaluation of a potential business combination with Akebia, the Keryx Special
Committee met frequently via telephone calls for formal meetings, and its members were also in regular informal communication with its advisors, with
Keryx management and with each other.

On May 8, 2018, Ms. Morrison contacted Mr. Butler and indicated that the Keryx Board supported reengaging in discussions with Akebia
regarding a potential merger of equals. Thereafter, the parties and their respective advisors reengaged in business discussions and reciprocal due
diligence. During such time, Keryx also resumed discussions with Baupost regarding conversion of the Convertible Notes in connection with a merger
with Akebia and whether Baupost would be supportive of a combination of the two companies.

On May 10, 2018, the Keryx Board held a telephonic meeting in which members of Keryx management, MTS Health Partners, Goodwin and
Mintz Levin participated to, among other things, review Keryx’s long range plan (see “—Certain Keryx Management Unaudited Prospective Financial
Information” beginning on page 91 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus) and continue discussions regarding the potential business combination with
Akebia. Following such meeting, Keryx’s long range plan (which is defined as the Keryx Management Keryx Projections under the heading “—Certain
Keryx Management Unaudited Prospective Financial Information” beginning on page 91 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus) was shared with
Akebia.

Between May 11, 2018 and May 16, 2018, the parties discussed next steps, timing and continued reciprocal due diligence efforts of a proposed
transaction.

On May 11, 2018, Akebia management shared with Keryx management certain unaudited prospective financial information of Akebia on a
standalone basis. Keryx management, along with MTS Health Partners, reviewed such projections and applied certain assumptions and adjustments, to
arrive at the Keryx Management Adjusted Akebia Projections (see “—Certain Keryx Management Unaudited Prospective Financial Information”
beginning on page 91 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus).

On May 17, 2018, the Akebia Board held a telephonic meeting, together with members of Akebia management and representatives of J.P. Morgan
and Evercore. The Akebia Board, Akebia management and its advisors discussed the opportunity presented by a potential transaction with Keryx, as
well as financial analyses, diligence items and transaction structure. The Akebia Board reviewed the relationships between certain members of the
Akebia Board and Keryx and certain members of the Akebia Board and Baupost that were previously discussed at the Akebia Board’s December 19,
2017 and January 4, 2018 meetings, and determined that it was in the best interest of Akebia to form the Akebia Transaction Committee that would be
authorized by the Akebia Board to oversee Akebia’s activities with respect to the potential transaction, including among other things, to direct Akebia’s
officers, employees and advisors with respect to the potential transaction and to explore and negotiate the potential transaction. The Akebia Transaction
Committee consisted of the following Akebia Board members: Scott A. Canute, Michael D. Clayman, Maxine Gowen, Duane Nash and Michael S.
Wyzga. Shortly
 

75



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 88/209

Table of Contents

thereafter and as further discussed below, the Akebia Transaction Committee engaged Abrams & Bayliss LLP (“Abrams”) to serve as legal counsel to
the Akebia Transaction Committee.

On May 21, 2018, the Akebia Transaction Committee held a telephonic meeting together with members of Akebia management. Mr. Satter and
Mr. Butler also attended at the invitation of the Akebia Transaction Committee. The Akebia Transaction Committee, Mr. Butler, Mr. Satter and Akebia
management discussed the financial analyses and process updates for the potential transaction with Keryx.

On the morning of May 23, 2018, Mr. Butler met with Ms. Morrison in Boston, Massachusetts. During the course of the meeting, Mr. Butler
provided Ms. Morrison with an overview of certain key terms of the potential transaction that Akebia planned to propose in a non-binding offer letter to
Keryx.

On May 24, 2018, the Akebia Transaction Committee held a telephonic meeting together with members of Akebia management and
representatives of J.P. Morgan, Evercore, Abrams and Latham & Watkins LLP (“Latham”), who had been retained by Akebia as outside legal counsel
for the potential transaction with Keryx. The Akebia Transaction Committee also invited all members of the Akebia Board and each Akebia Board
member attended the meeting. The Akebia Board, Akebia management and its advisors discussed the opportunity presented by the potential transaction
and financial analyses relating to the potential transaction. During the meeting, the Akebia Transaction Committee and a representative from Abrams
discussed the merger process to date, the independence of the members of the Akebia Transaction Committee, the Akebia directors’ fiduciary duties, and
potential next steps to oversee the merger negotiations. The Akebia Board reviewed and discussed a draft non-binding offer letter that had been prepared
by Akebia management and then directed Mr. Butler to send the offer letter to Keryx. The non-binding offer letter proposed, among other terms, a
merger that would result in the shareholders of each company owning 50% of the combined company, which assumed, among other things, the full
conversion of the Convertible Notes held by Baupost and that Baupost would provide a support agreement in favor of the transaction. The non-binding
offer letter also provided that the Combined Board would consist of an equal number of directors from each company, including Mr. Butler, who would
be the Chief Executive Officer of the combined company, and one additional independent director to serve as Chairperson, who would be selected by the
other directors of the Combined Board.

On May 24, 2018, following the meeting of the Akebia Transaction Committee, Mr. Butler e-mailed the non-binding offer letter to Ms. Morrison.

On May 29, 2018, the Keryx Special Committee held a telephonic meeting at which members of Keryx management, MTS Health Partners and
Goodwin participated. At the meeting, the Keryx Special Committee discussed the May 24, 2018 non-binding offer letter from Akebia, Keryx’s
standalone prospects, the Keryx Management Adjusted Akebia Projections, the Keryx Management Akebia Projections (as described under the heading
“—Certain Keryx Management Unaudited Prospective Financial Information” beginning on page 91 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus) and
certain preliminary financial information prepared by MTS Health Partners. Members of the Keryx management team reported to the Keryx Special
Committee on the assumptions underlying the Keryx Management Adjusted Akebia Projections, which projections Keryx management directed MTS
Health Partners to use, along with the Keryx Projections, to prepare preliminary financial information discussed at this meeting. The Keryx Special
Committee discussed the status of Akebia’s clinical trials and efforts towards the approval and commercial launch of vadadustat and Akebia’s improved
cash position, as well as the challenges Keryx would face on a standalone basis, including as a result of recent departures of key members of the
management team, that made a business combination between the two companies potentially more attractive to the Keryx shareholders at this time. The
Keryx Special Committee also discussed the risks associated with operating as a public company with a portfolio consisting of only one commercialized
product with no pipeline, including the impact on Keryx’s ability to raise financing on favorable terms, if at all. The Keryx Special Committee also
noted, based on informal knowledge of the industry and on the outreach conducted by MTS Health Partners and Keryx management at the direction of
the Keryx Special Committee in February and March of 2018, the lack of other viable potential merger partners or potential acquirers in the
 

76



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 89/209

Table of Contents

industry that would be likely to provide holders of Keryx Shares with the same potential value as a business combination with Akebia. In light of such
factors and based on information discussed at the meeting, the Keryx Special Committee determined to continue discussions with Akebia for a merger of
equals, noting that Keryx would work cooperatively to provide for the conversion of the Convertible Notes if Akebia required it to be a condition to the
closing of the merger, and that any cost associated with such conversion would need to be shared equally between Keryx and Akebia. The Keryx Special
Committee also determined to propose that the Combined Board consist of 11 members, with five directors from each of the Akebia Board and the
Keryx Board, with the Keryx Board Designees selecting the eleventh member, an independent Chairperson who was not a member of either the Akebia
Board or the Keryx Board. The Keryx Special Committee also noted that it was supportive of having Mr. Butler serve as the Chief Executive Officer of
the combined company. After discussion, the Keryx Special Committee instructed management and the advisors to continue discussions with Akebia
and to make a counterproposal on the terms discussed at this meeting.

On May 30, 2018, Ms. Morrison telephoned Mr. Butler to propose the transaction terms authorized by the Keryx Special Committee at the
May 29, 2018 Keryx Special Committee meeting, and following such telephone conversation, sent Mr. Butler a non-binding counterproposal outlining
such terms.

On June 1, 2018, representatives of Latham sent a draft of the Merger Agreement to Goodwin. The draft Merger Agreement provided, among
other things (i) for a merger between Keryx and a wholly owned subsidiary of Akebia, in connection with which shareholders of Keryx would receive
Akebia Shares in exchange for their Keryx Shares, (ii) for a transaction intended to be tax-free that resulted in Akebia as the surviving parent entity for
purposes of the combined company and with Keryx as a wholly owned subsidiary of Akebia, (iii) that following the closing, the Combined Board would
consist of (A) four directors from each of the Akebia Board and the Keryx Board, to be designated by the Akebia Board and the Keryx Board,
respectively, and (B) one additional independent director, who was not a member of either the Akebia Board or the Keryx Board and would serve as
Chairperson, and (iv) that following the closing, Mr. Butler would serve as Chief Executive Officer of the combined company. The draft Merger
Agreement also included the condition that the Convertible Notes due 2021 held by Baupost must be converted into Keryx Shares before Akebia was
obligated to proceed with closing of the Merger. The draft Merger Agreement also provided for largely reciprocal representations, warranties and
covenants for both Akebia and Keryx relating to actions taken before the closing.

On June 5, 2018, the Akebia Board held a telephonic meeting, together with members of Akebia management and representatives of J.P. Morgan,
Evercore and Latham. At the request of the Akebia Board, Akebia management prepared three sets of unaudited financial projections for Akebia in
anticipation of such Akebia Board meeting, each of which was based on a different set of assumptions and was prepared for the purpose of evaluating a
potential transaction with Keryx, (the “June 5th Projections”). The Akebia Board, Akebia management and its advisors discussed the opportunity
presented by a potential transaction with Keryx and certain other financial analyses of the potential transaction. Representatives of Latham described the
fiduciary duties of the Akebia Board in connection with the potential transaction. The Akebia Board directed Akebia management to continue working
with Keryx with regard to the potential transaction.

Also on June 5, 2018, Akebia participated in a type-C meeting with the FDA, in which Akebia and the FDA aligned on the statistical analysis plan
in advance of a planned NDA filing for vadadustat, the results of which were reported by Mr. Butler to Ms. Morrison.

On June 7, 2018, members of the Akebia and Keryx management teams met with representatives from Baupost to discuss the proposed transaction
and whether Baupost would be willing to convert the Convertible Notes in connection with, and would otherwise be supportive of, a merger of the two
companies. Baupost indicated that it would consider converting some or all of the Convertible Notes as part of the transaction, but that it would request
consideration for agreeing to convert the Convertible Notes prior to the closing of the transaction, in the form of equity of the combined company,
noting that it was not obligated to convert under the terms of the Indenture and that such conversion would entail its surrender of the value associated
with holding
 

77



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 90/209

Table of Contents

the Convertible Notes for a longer period of time. Also at this meeting Akebia management reiterated that the Convertible Notes should be converted at
no cost to Akebia.

Later on June 7, 2018, the Keryx Special Committee held a telephonic meeting at which members of Keryx management, MTS Health Partners
and Goodwin participated. At this meeting, Ms. Morrison reported on the results of the Akebia type-C meeting with the FDA and on the meeting with
Baupost. Also at this meeting, Goodwin presented the high-level open issues presented in the draft Merger Agreement provided by Latham.
Ms. Morrison also reported to the Keryx Special Committee that she and Mr. Butler continued to discuss and consider the appropriate size and
composition of the Combined Board. After discussion, the Keryx Special Committee authorized Goodwin to return a draft of the merger agreement to
Latham on the terms discussed at the meeting, including to indicate, among other things, (a) that structure (including the tax implications of the
transaction and the ultimate parent of the combined company) should be considered an open item until diligence is substantially completed, (b) the cost
to convert the Convertible Notes should be shared equally between Akebia and Keryx, and (c) the Combined Board should consist of five designees
from each of the Akebia Board and the Keryx Board, to be designated by the Akebia Board and the Keryx Board, respectively, with an additional
eleventh director (not serving on the Keryx Board or the Akebia Board) to be designated by the Keryx Board Designees, who would serve as the
Chairperson. Following such meeting, Goodwin sent Latham a revised draft of the Merger Agreement reflecting the terms discussed with the Keryx
Special Committee.

On the afternoon of June 8, 2018, the Akebia Board held a telephonic meeting, together with members of Akebia management and representatives
of J.P. Morgan, Evercore and Latham. Akebia management provided a status update to the Akebia Board, and the Akebia Board, Akebia management
and its advisors discussed financial analyses relating to the potential transaction with Keryx. Following such Akebia Board meeting, Mr. Butler
telephoned Ms. Morrison and informed Ms. Morrison that the Akebia Board was insisting on conversion of the Convertible Notes in full at the time of
the merger, without any cost to Akebia.

On June 10, 2018, the Keryx Special Committee held a telephonic meeting at which members of Keryx management, MTS Health Partners and
Goodwin participated. At this meeting, Ms. Morrison reported on her conversation with Mr. Butler. Also at this meeting, MTS Health Partners presented
preliminary financial information regarding a preliminary range of proposed valuations for the early conversion by Baupost of the Convertible Notes.
After discussion, the Keryx Special Committee authorized Keryx management and MTS Health Partners to discuss the preliminary range of proposed
valuations and Akebia’s position with respect to the allocation of the cost of the conversion with representatives from Baupost.

On June 11, 2018, Ms. Morrison and other members of Keryx management and representatives of MTS Health Partners had a telephone call with
representatives of Baupost. During this telephone call, Keryx management presented to Baupost a preliminary range of proposed valuations for the early
conversion by Baupost of the Convertible Notes. Baupost indicated that the range at which Baupost was valuing an early conversion was considerably
higher than the preliminary range of proposed valuations provided by Keryx, but agreed to take Keryx’s proposal under consideration and indicated it
would revert with a proposal in the coming days. Baupost also reiterated that it would consider accepting consideration in the form of equity of the
combined company.

Later on June 11, 2018, the Keryx Special Committee held a telephonic meeting at which members of Keryx management, MTS Health Partners
and Goodwin participated. At this meeting, Ms. Morrison reported on the telephone call with Baupost and the difference in the valuation for the
conversion posited by each of Baupost and Keryx. Following discussion, including discussion of the preliminary range of proposed valuations prepared
by Keryx management and MTS Health Partners, the Keryx Special Committee decided that Ms. Morrison should communicate to Baupost Keryx’s
view of the value of the conversion.

Following the Keryx Special Committee meeting, on June 11, 2018, Ms. Morrison telephoned a representative of Baupost, to inform him of the
Keryx Special Committee’s view on the value of the conversion
 

78



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 91/209

Table of Contents

of the Convertible Notes. The representative of Baupost indicated that his view was that such valuation was unacceptable and that Baupost was viewing
the value of the conversion to be higher, and that the cost should be split between Akebia and Keryx.

Also on June 11, 2018, the Akebia Transaction Committee held a telephonic discussion with representatives from Abrams. Mr. Satter also
participated in the call. A representative from Abrams and members of the Akebia Transaction Committee addressed certain aspects of the negotiations
with Keryx and Baupost requiring the oversight of the Akebia Transaction Committee.

During the period from June 12, 2018 to June 14, 2018, Akebia management, in consultation with the Akebia Board, determined that certain key
assumptions underlying the June 5th Projections were no longer applicable because of additional information that became available to Akebia
subsequent to preparing the June 5th Projections, including assumptions around timing for clinical trial completion and commercial launch. As a result,
Akebia management and the Akebia Board determined that the June 5th Projections were outdated and should not be used by Akebia in connection with
evaluating a potential transaction with Keryx. Following such determination, the Akebia Board directed Akebia management to prepare an updated
single set of unaudited financial projections that would more accurately reflect the risks and probability of success of Akebia’s lead product candidate,
vadadustat, certain revenue projections, timing for clinical trial completion and commercial launch, and estimated operational costs. Akebia
management then prepared, and provided to the Akebia Board, J.P. Morgan and Evercore, the Risk-Adjusted Akebia Management Akebia Projections, a
more detailed description of which can be found under the section titled “—Certain Akebia Management Unaudited Prospective Financial Information
—Akebia Management Akebia Projections” beginning on page 108 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

On June 13, 2018, representatives from Akebia, along with representatives from Latham and Goodwin, met at Akebia’s offices in Cambridge,
Massachusetts, to discuss and negotiate certain terms of the Merger Agreement and other transaction documents, along with ongoing diligence matters.

On June 14, 2018, the Akebia Transaction Committee held a telephonic meeting, together with representatives from Abrams and Ernst & Young
LLP (“Ernst & Young”), independent auditors for Akebia. A representative from Abrams reviewed certain issues raised by the draft Merger Agreement,
including the conversion of the Convertible Notes and issues related to the post-closing governance of the combined company. A representative from
Ernst & Young provided an update on Akebia’s due diligence of Keryx.

On June 14, 2018, the Akebia Board held a meeting, together with members of Akebia management. Representatives of J.P. Morgan, Evercore,
Latham and Abrams were also present. Akebia management provided a status update to the Akebia Board, and the Akebia Board, Akebia management
and its advisors discussed financial analyses relating to the potential transaction with Keryx. Representatives from Latham described the fiduciary duties
of the Akebia Board and provided an update on the discussions and negotiations that had taken place since the prior Akebia Board meeting on June 5,
2018.

On June 15, 2018, Mr. Butler had a telephone conversation with Ms. Morrison to discuss certain transaction-related matters and to inform
Ms. Morrison that Akebia planned to update its guidance on the timing of top-line results for the vadadustat clinical trial programs.

On June 16, 2018, Latham sent a revised draft of the Merger Agreement to Goodwin. The revised draft provided that the Combined Board would
consist of (A) four directors from each of the Akebia Board and the Keryx Board, to be designated by the Akebia Board and the Keryx Board,
respectively and (B) one additional independent director, not serving on the Keryx Board or the Akebia Board, to be designated by the Keryx Board,
who would serve as Chairperson of the Combined Board, provided that the Keryx Board Designees could choose one of the Keryx Board Designees to
be the Chairperson of the Combined Board and in such an event, the Continuing Directors and the Keryx Board Designees would choose a ninth Board
member, who was neither a
 

79



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 92/209

Table of Contents

member of the Akebia Board nor the Keryx Board, provided that all of the designees would be reasonably acceptable to the other party.

On June 17, 2018, the Keryx Board held a telephonic meeting at which members of Keryx management, MTS Health Partners, Goodwin and
Mintz Levin participated. At this meeting, Ms. Morrison reported on the status of the negotiations with Baupost and MTS Health Partners provided an
overview of the preliminary financial information regarding the preliminary range of proposed valuations for an early conversion of the Convertible
Notes. The Keryx Board also reviewed the preliminary financial information regarding the proposed transaction prepared by MTS Health Partners.
Goodwin described the Keryx Board’s fiduciary duties in connection with a merger of equals transaction. Goodwin also reviewed the status of and open
items in the Merger Agreement, including which company would be the surviving parent entity for purposes of the combined company. Keryx
management provided the Keryx Board with a report on Keryx’s due diligence findings and Akebia’s due diligence efforts, and reported on outstanding
diligence items for both parties. The Keryx Board instructed management and its advisors to continue discussions with Akebia and Baupost concerning
the Merger.

Also on June 17, 2018, the Akebia Transaction Committee held a telephonic meeting, together with Mr. Satter and representatives from Abrams
and Ernst & Young. A representative from Abrams reviewed the Akebia negotiating positions and options relating to key open issues under the proposed
Merger Agreement and provided an overview regarding anticipated topics for discussion at the Akebia Board meeting scheduled for June 18, 2018. A
representative from Ernst & Young provided an update on Akebia’s due diligence of Keryx.

On June 18, 2018, Goodwin sent a revised draft of the Merger Agreement to Latham. The revised draft noted that the transaction structure and the
construct of the Combined Board were still under consideration by Keryx.

On the morning of June 18, 2018, the Akebia Board held a telephonic meeting, together with members of Akebia management. Representatives of
Latham and Abrams were also present. Representatives of Latham described the fiduciary duties of the Akebia Board, along with the proposed terms of
the transaction documents, including the Merger Agreement, with a particular focus on open issues, including the transaction structure, the treatment of
the Convertible Notes held by Baupost and the composition of the Combined Board.

Between June 18, 2018 and June 23, 2018, Akebia’s Chief Business Officer and representatives of Keryx management (with representatives of
MTS Health Partners present) spoke by telephone and in-person with representatives of Baupost on the terms of the conversion of the Convertible
Notes. Akebia’s Chief Business Officer communicated Akebia’s position that the Baupost conversion should occur prior to the Effective Time and at no
cost to Akebia (subject to approval by the Keryx Board and the Akebia Board). At the end of such discussions, Baupost proposed to Keryx that, as
compensation for the value Baupost was losing by converting the Convertible Notes earlier than it was otherwise required, Baupost should receive
appropriate consideration, proposed in the form of the Additional Shares (which represented approximately $20.0 million in value at that time). The
Keryx representative then communicated Baupost’s position to Akebia’s Chief Business Officer, who responded that such a proposal would need to be
discussed further with Akebia management and advisors, as well as the Akebia Board.

On June 20, 2018, the Akebia Board held a telephonic meeting, together with representatives from Akebia management, Evercore, J.P. Morgan
and Latham. Management presented an overview of the Risk-Adjusted Akebia Management Akebia Projections, the Akebia Management Keryx
Projections and the Akebia Management Pro Forma Projections. The Akebia Board discussed the revised terms of the transaction, including the split of
equity in the combined company between the Akebia and Keryx equity holders, the terms of the conversion of the Convertible Notes and the
composition of the Combined Board. At this meeting, the Akebia Board, in consultation with Akebia management, determined that, in order to cause
Baupost and Keryx to convert the Convertible Notes and enter into a support agreement concerning the Merger, the most recent Baupost proposal would
be acceptable to Akebia, resulting in the allocation of 4,000,000 Keryx Shares to Baupost, the cost of which would be split evenly between Keryx and
Akebia when formulating the Exchange Multiplier.
 

80



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 93/209

Table of Contents

Between June 20, 2018 and June 23, 2018, members of Akebia management had discussions with members of Keryx management on a number of
topics including the transaction documents, due diligence matters and the timing of the proposed transaction.

On June 20, 2018, the Akebia Transaction Committee held a telephonic meeting, together with representatives from Abrams and Ernst & Young.
A representative from Ernst & Young provided an update regarding Akebia’s ongoing due diligence of Keryx. A representative from Abrams reviewed
Akebia’s next steps in connection with the Akebia Transaction Committee’s assessment of Ernst & Young’s due diligence relating to Keryx.

On June 22, 2018, Latham sent a revised draft of the Merger Agreement to Goodwin. On June 23, 2018, Goodwin sent a revised draft of the
Merger Agreement to Latham. Also on that date, Latham and Goodwin discussed and negotiated the terms of the Keryx Voting Agreement and Akebia
Voting Agreement with counsel to Baupost and Mr. Satter.

On June 23, 2018, the Keryx Special Committee held a telephonic meeting at which representatives of MTS Health Partners and Goodwin
participated. At this meeting, Ms. Morrison reported that while progress had been made on negotiating the definitive agreements and with the Baupost
arrangements, there remained some open diligence items on both sides.

On June 24, 2018, the Keryx Board held a telephonic meeting at which members of Keryx management, MTS Health Partners, Goodwin and
Mintz Levin participated. Ms. Morrison gave the Keryx Board an update on the potential merger with Akebia, including that progress had been made on
negotiating the definitive agreements and with the Baupost arrangements. Ms. Morrison noted that there were some remaining due diligence items on
both sides, and noted that progress had been made on such items since the meeting of the Keryx Special Committee the previous day. Also at this
meeting, Goodwin provided the Keryx Board with an overview of the remaining open items in the Merger Agreement, which included the composition
and size of the Combined Board and the amount of the reciprocal termination fee.

Also on June 24, 2018, the Akebia Board held a telephonic meeting, together with members of Akebia management. Representatives of J.P.
Morgan, Evercore, Latham and Abrams were also present. Akebia management updated the Akebia Board on diligence matters to date. Representatives
from Latham described the fiduciary duties of the Akebia Board and provided an update regarding the terms of the Merger Agreement, the Notes
Conversion Agreement, the Akebia Voting Agreement and the Keryx Voting Agreement, including the resolution of certain terms, such as the structure
of the transaction and that the Baupost registration rights agreement would not be entered into until the Effective Time. Representatives of Latham also
discussed the terms that remained subject to further negotiation, particularly certain covenants of the parties to be completed before the Effective Time.
Representatives of J.P. Morgan and Evercore then presented their respective financial analyses of the transaction. The Akebia Board discussed their
views on the remaining open items in the Merger Agreement and authorized Akebia management to continue negotiating with Keryx to finalize the
Merger Agreement.

On the afternoon of June 24, 2018, the Akebia Transaction Committee held a telephonic meeting, together with representatives from Abrams and
Ernst & Young. A representative from Abrams provided an update regarding proposed changes to the Merger Agreement. A representative from Ernst &
Young provided an update regarding Akebia’s due diligence of Keryx.

On the morning of June 25, 2018, the Akebia Board held a telephonic meeting, together with members of Akebia management. Representatives of
Latham and Abrams were also present. The Akebia Board, Akebia management and its advisors discussed diligence, certain terms of the Merger
Agreement and the opportunity presented by the potential transaction.
 

81



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 94/209

Table of Contents

On the afternoon of June 25, 2018, Latham sent a revised draft of the Merger Agreement to Goodwin, reflecting changes that were discussed in
the meeting of the Akebia Board meeting earlier that day.

On the evening of June 25, 2018, the Akebia Board held a telephonic meeting, together with members of Akebia management. Representatives of
Latham, Abrams and Morris, Nichols, Arsht & Tunnell LLP, Akebia’s Delaware legal counsel, were also present. The Akebia Board, Akebia
management and its advisors discussed diligence and certain terms of the Merger Agreement.

On June 26, 2018, the Akebia Board held a telephonic meeting, together with members of Akebia management. Representatives of J.P. Morgan,
Evercore, Latham and Abrams were also present. Representatives of J.P. Morgan and Evercore presented financial analyses on the transaction and the
form of opinion they were proposing to provide as to whether the Exchange Multiplier was fair, from a financial point of view, to Akebia.
Representatives from Latham provided an update on the terms of the transaction since the prior Akebia Board meeting. The Akebia Board discussed
items that remained subject to negotiation in the transaction documents and provided guidance on such items relating to covenants to be complied with
before the Effective Time, including receiving the final Keryx diligence items requested by Akebia management. The Akebia Board confirmed its
approval of the transaction documents, subject to those final terms being accepted by Keryx. Mr. Butler discussed a proposed timeline to finalize the
Merger Agreement and announce a transaction.

Later on June 26, 2018, Mr. Butler informed Ms. Morrison that the Akebia Board had approved the transaction documents, subject to the final
terms being accepted by Keryx. During such conversation, Ms. Morrison identified open items that would need to be finalized before the Keryx Board
would approve the transaction. Thereafter, Akebia, Keryx and their respective advisors finalized due diligence and negotiation of the ancillary definitive
documentation, including the Akebia Voting Agreement, the Keryx Voting Agreement and the Notes Conversion Agreement, and on June 27, 2018 met
in person at Goodwin’s Boston office to finalize the terms of the Merger Agreement. The results of these negotiations were reported to the Keryx Board
during a regularly scheduled meeting being held at Keryx’s offices in Boston, Massachusetts on June 27, 2018. The Keryx Board authorized Keryx
management and advisors to finalize the definitive documentation and communications plan for final consideration and approval by the Keryx Board
and the Keryx Special Committee.

Later on June 27, 2018, the Keryx Special Committee and the Keryx Board held a joint telephonic meeting at which members of Keryx
management, MTS Health Partners, Goodwin and Mintz Levin participated. During the meeting, a representative of MTS Health Partners reviewed with
the Keryx Board its financial analysis of the proposed transaction. Following discussion, MTS Securities provided an oral opinion (which was
subsequently confirmed in writing as of June 27, 2018) that, as of the date of the MTS Opinion and subject to the various assumptions made, procedures
followed, matters considered and qualifications and limitations set forth therein, the Exchange Multiplier to be received by holders of Keryx Shares in
the Merger is fair, from a financial point of view, to such holders (other than holders of Excluded Shares, Baupost and their respective affiliates). The
full text of the MTS Opinion sets forth the assumptions made, procedures followed, matters considered and qualifications and limitations on the review
undertaken by MTS Securities in connection with the MTS Opinion. The MTS Opinion is attached as Annex B to this joint proxy statement/prospectus
and is incorporated herein by reference. For a more complete discussion of the MTS Opinion, see the section entitled “—Opinion of Keryx’s Financial
Advisor—MTS Securities, LLC” beginning on page 95 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus. Goodwin described the Keryx Board’s fiduciary duties
and the key provisions of the Merger Agreement and ancillary documents. The Keryx Board asked questions and discussed the Merger Agreement
provisions and related matters. After discussion in which the Keryx Special Committee and the Keryx Board considered the factors discussed further in
“—Keryx’s Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of the Keryx Board” beginning on page 83 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, the members
of the Keryx Board, upon the unanimous recommendation of the Keryx Special Committee, unanimously approved the Merger Agreement and the
transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. The Keryx Board also deemed it advisable, and in the best interests of Keryx and its shareholders,
to consummate the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the
Merger Agreement, and to recommend that Keryx shareholders adopt the Merger Agreement.
 

82



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 95/209

Table of Contents

On the morning of June 28, 2018, the Akebia Transaction Committee held a telephonic meeting, together with representatives from Abrams,
Ernst & Young, and Jason A. Amello, Akebia’s Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Mr. Wyzga and a representative from
Abrams provided an overview regarding the proposed final version of the Merger Agreement. The members of the Akebia Transaction Committee
deliberated regarding the terms of the Merger Agreement, determined such terms are in the best interests of Akebia, and unanimously determined to
recommend approval of the Merger Agreement to the Akebia Board.

On the morning of June 28, 2018, following the Akebia Transaction Committee meeting, the Akebia Board held a telephonic meeting together
with members of Akebia management. Representatives of J.P. Morgan, Evercore, Latham and Abrams were also present. Representatives of Latham
reviewed the proposed final terms of the Merger Agreement, focusing on the changes to the Merger Agreement since the June 26, 2018 Akebia Board
meeting. The closing trading price of Akebia common stock on June 27, 2018 was $10.38 and the Exchange Ratio represented a 15.3% premium to that
price. Representatives of J.P. Morgan and Evercore then each reviewed with the Akebia Board their financial analyses of the transaction and each
delivered to the Akebia Board an oral opinion, which was confirmed by delivery of a written opinion dated June 28, 2018, that as of that date and based
on and subject to various assumptions, procedures, factors, qualifications, limitations and other matters described in their respective opinions, the
Exchange Multiplier was fair, from a financial point of view, to holders of Akebia Shares. For a detailed discussion of the opinions provided by J.P.
Morgan and Evercore, please see “—Opinion of Akebia’s Financial Advisor – Evercore Group L.L.C.” and “—Opinion of Akebia’s Financial Advisor –
J.P. Morgan Securities LLC” beginning on pages 112 and 118, respectively, of this joint proxy statement/prospectus. After further discussion and the
unanimous recommendation of the Akebia Transaction Committee to approve the Merger Agreement and the related transaction documents, the Akebia
Board unanimously determined that the Merger Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement were
advisable and in the best interests of Akebia and its shareholders, approved and declared advisable the Merger Agreement and the Merger, and
recommended that Akebia shareholders vote to approve the issuance of Akebia Shares in connection with the Merger.

On the morning of June 28, 2018, following the Akebia Board meeting, Akebia and Keryx executed the Merger Agreement. Akebia, Keryx and
Baupost also executed the Notes Conversion Agreement. Akebia and Baupost executed the Keryx Voting Agreement, and Keryx and Mr. Satter executed
the Akebia Voting Agreement.

Before the opening of Nasdaq trading on June 28, 2018, Akebia and Keryx issued a joint press release announcing entry into the Merger
Agreement and held a joint conference call to discuss the Merger.

On October 1, 2018, Akebia, Keryx and Merger Sub entered into the First Amendment to the Merger Agreement, revising the composition of the
Akebia Board effective immediately after the Effective Time to provide for certain changes to the combined company board structure as discussed in “—
The Combined Company Board and Management After the Merger” beginning on page 125 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

Keryx’s Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of the Keryx Board

Following a review and discussion of all relevant information regarding the Merger, at a meeting held on June 27, 2018, the Keryx Board, on the
recommendation of the Keryx Special Committee: (1) determined that the Merger Agreement and the Merger are in the best interests of Keryx and its
shareholders, (2) approved the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, including the Merger, and declared the
Merger Agreement advisable, (3) recommended that the Keryx shareholders adopt the Merger Agreement, and (4) directed that the Merger Agreement
be submitted for consideration by the Keryx shareholders at the Keryx Special Meeting.

ACCORDINGLY, THE KERYX BOARD RECOMMENDS THAT KERYX SHAREHOLDERS VOTE “FOR” THE PROPOSAL TO
ADOPT THE MERGER AGREEMENT, “FOR” THE PROPOSAL
 

83



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 96/209

Table of Contents

TO APPROVE THE ADJOURNMENT OF THE KERYX SPECIAL MEETING IF NECESSARY OR APPROPRIATE TO SOLICIT
ADDITIONAL PROXIES IF THERE ARE NOT SUFFICIENT VOTES TO ADOPT THE MERGER AGREEMENT, AND “FOR” THE
PROPOSAL TO APPROVE, ON A NON-BINDING, ADVISORY BASIS, COMPENSATION THAT MAY BE PAYABLE TO KERYX’S
NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS RELATING TO THE MERGER.

The Keryx Board believes that the Merger presents a strategic opportunity to expand value for the Keryx shareholders through a combination with
the complementary business of Akebia. In reaching its decision to approve the Merger Agreement and recommend the adoption of the Merger
Agreement to its shareholders, the Keryx Special Committee and the Keryx Board consulted with Keryx management, as well as its legal and financial
advisors, and considered a number of factors, including, among others, the following:
 

 
•  Knowledge of Keryx’s and Akebia’s Businesses and Financial Condition. The Keryx Special Committee’s, the Keryx Board’s and

management’s knowledge of Keryx’s business, operations, financial condition, and prospects, and their respective understanding of Akebia’s
business, operations, financial condition, and prospects, including the information obtained through due diligence;

 

 
•  Establishes a Leading Renal Company with Enhanced Position and Large Market Opportunity. The fact that Keryx’s business and

operations complement those of Akebia and that the transaction will create a fully integrated biopharmaceutical company focused with an
expected implied equity value of approximately $1.3 billion as of the signing of the Merger Agreement;

 

 
•  Expanded and Complementary Nephrology Portfolio. The potential of the combined company to offer therapeutic options to patients across

all stages of CKD, and the potential to become a partner of choice for the renal community and for companies developing renal products,
which would create long-term shareholder value;

 

 

•  Financial Strength and Opportunities. The expected synergies to be realized by the combined company, and the opportunity of the combined
company to have superior future earnings and prospects compared to Keryx’s future earnings and prospects on a standalone basis, including
because the combined company will have the infrastructure to maximize the market potential of Auryxia and build launch momentum for
vadadustat in the United States, subject to FDA approval;

 

 
•  Significant Synergy Potential. The Merger with Akebia provides the Keryx shareholders with the opportunity to gain access to an innovative

Phase 3 product candidate with the potential to compete in a complementary market to Keryx’s only product, Auryxia, as well as the
opportunity to gain a seasoned Chief Executive Officer;

 

 

•  Challenges that Keryx Would Face on a Standalone Basis. The challenges facing Keryx if it were to continue on a standalone basis,
including its limited ability to pursue viable business development opportunities in light of its cash position and significant debt, and a lack
of resources given that Keryx was operating without a complete management team, its ability to attract key management candidates,
including a permanent chief executive officer, and the risks inherent in being a single-product company with no meaningful pipeline and
also the belief that Akebia is the merger partner most likely to provide Keryx’s shareholders with long-term value;

 

 
•  Participation in Potential Appreciation. The fact that holders of Keryx Shares will receive Akebia Shares pursuant to the Merger, the

potential that the value of Akebia Shares, as the combined company, will increase after the completion of the Merger, and the participation
of Keryx shareholders in any increase in that value;

 

 

•  Voting Agreements. Baupost, which owns approximately 21% of the outstanding Keryx Shares as of the record date for the Keryx Special
Meeting, prior to any conversion of the Convertible Notes and issuance of the Additional Shares, agreed to convert the Convertible Notes
into Keryx Shares prior to closing and entered into the Keryx Voting Agreement in support of the transaction. Mr. Satter, Chairperson of the
Akebia Board and a shareholder who owns approximately 5% of outstanding

 
84



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 97/209

Table of Contents

 
Akebia Shares as of the record date for the Akebia Special Meeting, has also agreed to support the transaction by entering into the Akebia
Voting Agreement. The Keryx Board viewed Baupost’s and Mr. Satter’s support for the Merger favorably;

 

 
•  Value of Consideration Received. The value of the consideration to be received by Keryx shareholders as a result of the Merger and the

relationship between the current and historical market values of the Keryx Shares, and the percentage of the combined company that Keryx
shareholders would own following the Merger;

 

 

•  Receipt of Fairness Opinion of MTS Securities. The opinion of MTS Securities, rendered orally to the Keryx Board on June 27, 2018 (and
subsequently confirmed in writing as of June 27, 2018), that, as of the date of the MTS Opinion and subject to the various assumptions
made, procedures followed, matters considered and qualifications and limitations set forth therein, the Exchange Multiplier to be received by
the holders of Keryx Shares (other than holders of Excluded Shares, Baupost and their respective affiliates) in the Merger is fair, from a
financial point of view, to such holders (the full text of the MTS Opinion, which sets forth the assumptions made, procedures followed,
matters considered and qualifications and limitations on the review undertaken by MTS Securities in connection with the MTS Opinion, is
attached as Annex B to this joint proxy statement/prospectus and is incorporated herein by reference), as more fully described under the
section entitled “—Opinion of Keryx’s Financial Advisor – MTS Securities, LLC” beginning on page 95 of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus;

 

 •  The Terms of the Merger Agreement. The terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement as negotiated by Keryx management, including:
 

 
•  Fixed Exchange Multiplier. The fact that the Merger Consideration is based on a fixed Exchange Multiplier provides certainty as to

the number of Akebia Shares that will be issued to Keryx shareholders;
 

 
•  Reciprocity. The review by the Keryx Board, in consultation with Keryx’s advisors, of the structure of the Merger and the terms and

conditions of the Merger Agreement, including certain reciprocal provisions that may have the effect of discouraging alternative
acquisition proposals involving Akebia or Keryx and their ability to terminate the Merger Agreement;

 

 
•  Conditions to Consummation of the Merger. The limited number and nature of the conditions to the parties’ obligations to complete

the Merger and the belief of the Keryx Board of the likelihood of satisfying such conditions;
 

 
•  Right to Withdraw Recommendation to Keryx Shareholders. In certain circumstances, the Keryx Board has the right under the

Merger Agreement to withdraw its recommendation to Keryx shareholders that they approve the Keryx Merger Proposal;
 

 •  Opportunity to Vote. Keryx shareholders will have an opportunity to vote on the adoption of the Merger Agreement;
 

 
•  Termination Fee. Akebia is obligated to pay Keryx a termination fee of $22 million in certain circumstances as summarized under

“The Merger Agreement—Termination Fees and Expenses” beginning on page 153 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus; and
 

 
•  Expense Reimbursement Amount. Akebia is obligated to reimburse Keryx an expense amount not to exceed $6 million under certain

termination circumstances summarized under “The Merger Agreement—Termination Fees and Expenses” beginning on page 147 of
this joint proxy statement/prospectus;

 

 
•  Ability to Negotiate with Third Parties. The ability of Keryx under the terms of the Merger Agreement to negotiate with third parties

concerning certain unsolicited competing business combination proposals if Keryx were to receive such a proposal prior to the adoption of
the Merger Agreement by

 
85



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 98/209

Table of Contents

 the Keryx shareholders, and to terminate the Merger Agreement to accept a superior proposal under certain circumstances;
 

 
•  Consideration of Alternatives. The Keryx Board had considered certain alternatives to the Merger and determined that entering into the

Merger Agreement was more favorable to Keryx shareholders than other alternatives available to Keryx, including continued operation of
Keryx on a standalone basis or the pursuit of potential alternative transactions;

 

 •  Likelihood of Completing the Merger. The likelihood of completing the Merger on the anticipated schedule;
 

 

•  Composition of Combined Board. The fact that, under the Merger Agreement at signing, four representatives from the Keryx Board would
be directors of the Combined Board, and, pursuant to the First Amendment to the Merger Agreement, the fact that five representatives from
the Keryx Board will be directors of the Combined Board and that the Akebia Board and the Keryx Board will jointly designate the
Additional Director, who will serve as Chairperson of the Combined Board; and

 

 
•  Tax-Free Reorganization. That, in the opinion of Goodwin Procter LLP, the Merger will be treated as a tax-free reorganization for U.S.

federal income tax purposes.

The Keryx Special Committee and the Keryx Board also weighed the factors described above against certain factors and potential risks associated
with entering into the Merger Agreement, including, among others, the following:
 

 
•  the fact that the Exchange Multiplier is fixed, which means that Keryx shareholders could be adversely affected by a decrease in the trading

price of the Akebia Shares relative to the trading price of the Keryx Shares during the pendency of the transaction;
 

 

•  the fact that the integration of Akebia and Keryx may be complex and time consuming and may require substantial resources and effort, and
the risk that if the combined company is not successfully integrated, the anticipated benefits of the Merger may not be realized fully or at all
or may take longer to realize than expected, including the possibility that anticipated strategic and other benefits to Keryx and the combined
company following completion of the Merger, including the expected synergies, will not be realized or will take longer to realize than
expected;

 

 
•  the potential for diversion of management and employee attention, which resources are already limited, and for increased employee attrition

during the period prior to completion of the Merger, and the potential effect of the Merger on Keryx’s business and relations with healthcare
providers, patients, regulators, partners, and suppliers;

 

 

•  the restrictions on the conduct of Keryx’s business prior to completion of the Merger, requiring Keryx to conduct its business only in the
ordinary course, subject to specific limitations, which could delay or prevent Keryx from undertaking business opportunities that may arise
pending completion of the Merger and could negatively impact Keryx’s relationships with employees, healthcare providers, patients,
regulators, partners, and suppliers;

 

 
•  the fact that the Merger Agreement includes certain restrictions on the ability of Keryx to solicit proposals for alternative transactions or

engage in discussions regarding such proposals;
 

 •  the requirement for Keryx to pay a $22 million termination fee to Akebia in certain circumstances;
 

 •  the transaction costs to be incurred by Keryx in connection with the Merger; and
 

 
•  the various other applicable risks associated with Keryx and Akebia and the Merger, including the risks described in “Risk Factors” and

“Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements” beginning on pages 39 and 51, respectively, of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.

In considering the recommendation of the Keryx Board with respect to the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement, Keryx shareholders should be
aware that some of Keryx’s directors and executive officers may have
 

86



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 99/209

Table of Contents

interests in the Merger that are different those of Keryx shareholders. The Keryx Board was aware of and considered these interests, among other
matters, in evaluating the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, and in recommending that the Merger
Agreement be adopted by the Keryx shareholders. See “— Interests of Keryx Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger” beginning on page 126 of
this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

The foregoing discussion of the information and factors considered by the Keryx Special Committee and the Keryx Board in reaching its
conclusions and recommendations is not intended to be exhaustive, but includes the material factors considered by the Keryx Special Committee and the
Keryx Board. In view of the wide variety of factors considered in connection with its evaluation of the Merger Agreement and the transactions
contemplated by the Merger Agreement, and the complexity of these matters, neither the Keryx Special Committee nor the Keryx Board found it
practicable to, and did not attempt to, quantify, rank or assign any relative or specific weights to the various factors considered in reaching its
determination and making its recommendation. In addition, individual directors may have given different weights to different factors. The Keryx Special
Committee and the Keryx Board considered all of the foregoing factors as a whole and based its recommendation on the totality of the information
presented.

The foregoing discussion also contains forward-looking statements with respect to future events that may have an effect on Keryx’s business,
financial condition, or results of operations or the future financial performance of the combined company. See “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary
Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements” beginning on pages 39 and 51, respectively, of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

Akebia’s Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of the Akebia Board

After consideration, and following the unanimous recommendation of the Akebia Transaction Committee, the Akebia Board, by a unanimous vote
of all directors at its meeting on June 28, 2018, approved the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Akebia share
issuance.

FOR THE REASONS SET FORTH BELOW, THE AKEBIA BOARD UNANIMOUSLY DECLARED THAT THE MERGER
AGREEMENT, THE MERGER AND THE OTHER TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THE MERGER AGREEMENT,
INCLUDING THE AKEBIA SHARE ISSUANCE ARE ADVISABLE AND IN THE BEST INTERESTS OF AKEBIA AND ITS
SHAREHOLDERS AND UNANIMOUSLY APPROVED THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND THE AKEBIA SHARE ISSUANCE. THE
AKEBIA BOARD UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS TO AKEBIA’S SHAREHOLDERS THAT THEY VOTE “FOR” THE AKEBIA
SHARE ISSUANCE PROPOSAL AND “FOR” THE AKEBIA ADJOURNMENT PROPOSAL.

In the course of evaluating the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Akebia share issuance, the Akebia
Board consulted with Akebia management and Akebia’s legal and financial advisors and considered a number of factors in reaching its decision to
approve the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Akebia share issuance, which included the following (not in
order of relative importance):
 

 
•  Establishes a Leading Renal Company with Enhanced Position and Large Market Opportunity. Combining Akebia and Keryx is expected to

create a sustainable, kidney disease-focused, therapeutic leader that is well positioned to be a partner of choice throughout the renal
community and for companies developing renal products;

 

 

•  Expanded and Complementary Nephrology Portfolio. Upon consummation of the Merger, Akebia will have a complementary portfolio
comprising Keryx’s commercial product, Auryxia, and Akebia’s product candidate, vadadustat. Auryxia and vadadustat, if approved by the
FDA, have the potential to deliver an all-oral treatment approach for patients with anemia due to CKD. More broadly, the combined
company will have the potential to offer therapeutic options to patients across all stages of CKD, including non-dialysis dependent and
dialysis dependent patients;

 
87



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 100/209

Table of Contents

 

•  Financial Strength and Opportunities. Based on the unaudited pro forma cash and cash equivalent balance as of March 31, 2018, the
combined company is expected to have a balance of approximately $453 million of cash and cash equivalents. This cash and cash equivalent
balance, along with the expected cost synergies of greater than $250 million to be realized five years following closing, and the potential for
increasing revenues from Auryxia, are expected to provide the combined company with significant financial strength and flexibility to
enable continued growth;

 

 

•  Significant Synergy Potential. The combined company will bring together Keryx, a commercial organization, with Akebia, a research and
development organization that is currently driving an approximately 7,000-patient global Phase 3 clinical program. The combined company
will have an established renal development, manufacturing and commercial organization, and plans to leverage its leadership’s extensive
expertise in the commercial renal market with the goal of maximizing sales of Auryxia while driving launch momentum for vadadustat in
the United States, subject to its approval by the FDA. Keryx’s established U.S. sales and marketing organization and its medical affairs team
have built strong awareness within the nephrology community to address the needs of patients with CKD, and will drive the launch
preparation and execution for vadadustat in the United States, subject to its approval by the FDA;

 

 

•  Experienced Renal Management Team. The combined company will be led by a management team with a long track record of success
developing, launching and commercializing products for patients with kidney disease. Mr. Butler, Akebia’s President and Chief Executive
Officer, will lead the combined company as Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Butler has nearly two decades of executive experience in the
commercial renal therapeutic field, including as the leader of Genzyme Corporation’s renal business;

 

 
•  Representation on the Akebia Board. The fact that four members of the Akebia Board will serve as members of the Combined Board, and

pursuant to the First Amendment to the Merger Agreement, the fact that the Akebia Board and the Keryx Board will jointly designate the
Additional Director, who will serve as the Chairperson of the Combined Board;

 

 

•  Participation in Potential Appreciation. After giving effect to the Merger, Akebia shareholders will own approximately 49.4% of the
combined company based on the companies’ fully diluted market capitalizations as of the signing of the Merger Agreement and also taking
into account the Additional Shares to be issued to Baupost prior to consummation of the Merger, and as a result, Akebia shareholders would
participate in the future growth of the combined company after the consummation of the Merger;

 

 

•  Voting Agreements. Baupost, which owns approximately 21% of the outstanding Keryx Shares as of the record date for the Keryx Special
Meeting, prior to any conversion of the Convertible Notes, agreed to convert the Convertible Notes into Keryx Shares prior to closing and
entered into the Keryx Voting Agreement in support of the transaction. Mr. Satter, Chairperson of the Akebia Board and a shareholder who
owns approximately 5% of outstanding Akebia Shares as of the record date for the Akebia Special Meeting, has also agreed to support the
transaction by entering into the Akebia Voting Agreement. The Akebia Board viewed Baupost’s and Mr. Satter’s support for the Merger
favorably;

 

 

•  Financial Analyses of Evercore and J.P. Morgan; Receipt of Fairness Opinions. The financial presentations of Evercore and J.P. Morgan and
their oral opinions (which were subsequently confirmed in their written opinions, each dated June 28, 2018) to the Akebia Board that, as of
the date of and based on and subject to various assumptions procedures, factors, qualifications, limitations and other matters described in
their respective written opinions, the Exchange Multiplier was fair, from a financial point of view, to Akebia shareholders. The full text of
the opinions of Evercore and J.P. Morgan, which set forth the assumptions made, procedures followed, matters considered, and limitations
on the reviews undertaken by Evercore and J.P. Morgan in connection with the Evercore opinion and the J.P. Morgan opinion, respectively,
are attached as Annex C and Annex D, respectively, to this joint proxy statement/prospectus and are incorporated herein by reference), as
more fully

 
88



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 101/209

Table of Contents

 
described under the sections entitled “The Merger—Opinion of Akebia’s Financial Advisor – Evercore Group L.L.C.” and “The Merger—
Opinion of Akebia’s Financial Advisor – J.P. Morgan Securities LLC” beginning on pages 112 and 118, respectively, of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus;

 

 

•  Knowledge of Akebia’s and Keryx’s Businesses and Financial Condition. The Akebia Board’s knowledge of Akebia’s business, financial
condition, results of operations and prospects, as well as Keryx’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, taking
into account the discussions of Akebia management with Keryx management and the results of Akebia’s due diligence review of Keryx,
which included review of historical financial results and projections, existing agreements, contingent liabilities and legal and other matters,
and the subsequent recommendation of the Merger by Akebia management;

 

 •  Terms of the Merger Agreement. The terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, including:
 

 
•  Fixed Exchange Multiplier. The fact that the Merger Consideration is based on a fixed Exchange Multiplier provides certainty as to

the number of Akebia Shares that will be issued to Keryx shareholders;
 

 
•  Reciprocity. The review by the Akebia Board, in consultation with Akebia’s advisors, of the structure of the Merger and the terms

and conditions of the Merger Agreement, including certain reciprocal provisions that may have the effect of discouraging alternative
acquisition proposals involving Akebia or Keryx and their ability to terminate the Merger Agreement;

 

 
•  Conditions to Consummation of the Merger. The limited number and nature of the conditions to the parties’ obligations to complete

the Merger and the belief of the Akebia Board of the likelihood of satisfying such conditions;
 

 
•  Right to Withdraw Recommendation to Akebia Shareholders. In certain circumstances, the Akebia Board has the right under the

Merger Agreement to withdraw its recommendation to Akebia shareholders that they approve the Akebia Share Issuance Proposal;
 

 
•  Opportunity to Vote. Akebia shareholders will have an opportunity to vote on the issuance of the Akebia Shares in connection with

the Merger;
 

 
•  Termination Fee. Keryx is obligated to pay Akebia a termination fee of $22 million in certain circumstances as summarized under

“The Merger Agreement—Termination Fees and Expenses” beginning on page 153 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus; and
 

 
•  Expense Reimbursement Amount. Keryx is obligated to reimburse Akebia an expense amount not to exceed $6 million under certain

termination circumstances summarized under “The Merger Agreement—Termination Fees and Expenses” beginning on page 153 of
this joint proxy statement/prospectus;

 

 
•  Consideration of Alternatives. The Akebia Board had considered certain alternatives to the Merger and determined that entering into the

Merger Agreement was more favorable to Akebia shareholders than other alternatives available to Akebia, including continued operation of
Akebia on a standalone basis or the pursuit of potential alternative transactions; and

 

 •  Likelihood of Completing the Merger. The likelihood of completing the Merger on the anticipated schedule.

The Akebia Board also considered various risks and other potentially negative factors concerning the Merger Agreement, the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, including the Akebia share issuance, which included the following factors:
 

 
•  the challenges inherent in combining the businesses, operations and workforces of Akebia and Keryx, including: (i) the possible diversion of

management focus and resources from operational matters and other strategic opportunities and (ii) difficulties in integrating and retaining
management employees,

 
89



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 102/209

Table of Contents

 
including from the two companies’ respective labor groups, as well as the potential effect the challenges inherent in combining the
businesses, operations and workforces of Akebia and Keryx could have on Akebia’s business and relations with regulators, partners, and
suppliers;

 

 •  the fact that forecasts of future results of operations and synergies are necessarily estimates based on assumptions;
 

 
•  the risk of not realizing anticipated synergies and cost savings between Akebia and Keryx and the risk that other anticipated benefits might

not be realized;
 

 
•  the fact that Akebia shareholders will be sharing participation of Akebia’s potential growth with Keryx shareholders after the consummation

of the Merger;
 

 
•  the possibility that the Merger might not be completed, or that completion might be unduly delayed, including as a result of Akebia’s or

Keryx’s shareholders failing to grant the requisite approvals to consummate the Merger, and the potential negative impact that may have on
Akebia’s business and relationships with employees, doctors, patients, regulators and the communities in which it operates;

 

 
•  the substantial costs to be incurred in connection with the Merger, including the cash and other costs of integrating the businesses of Akebia

and Keryx, as well as the transaction expenses arising from the Merger;
 

 
•  the terms of the Merger Agreement, including generally reciprocal covenants relating to (i) the two companies’ conduct of their respective

businesses during the period between the signing of the Merger Agreement and the completion of the Merger, and (ii) the restrictions on the
two companies’ ability to solicit alternative transaction proposals;

 

 
•  the fact that, in certain circumstances, the Keryx Board has the right under the Merger Agreement to withdraw its recommendation to Keryx

shareholders that they adopt the Merger Agreement;
 

 
•  the fact that Akebia is obligated to pay Keryx a termination fee of $22 million in certain circumstances as summarized under “The Merger

Agreement—Termination Fees and Expenses” beginning on page 153 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus;
 

 
•  the fact that Akebia is obligated to reimburse Keryx an expense amount of up to $6 million under certain termination circumstances as

summarized under “The Merger Agreement— Termination Fees and Expenses” beginning on page 153 of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus;

 

 
•  the fact that the Exchange Multiplier will not be adjusted at consummation of the Merger based on the relative market values of Akebia

Shares or Keryx Shares; and
 

 
•  the other factors described in the section entitled “Risk Factors”, the matters described under “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-

Looking Statements” and the matters described under “Certain Akebia Management Unaudited Prospective Financial Information”
beginning on pages 39, 51, and 108 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

The above discussion of the factors considered by the Akebia Board is not intended to be exhaustive, but does set forth material factors considered
by the Akebia Board. In light of the wide variety of factors considered in connection with its evaluation of the Merger Agreement and the transactions
contemplated thereby, including the Akebia share issuance, and the complexity of these matters, the Akebia Board did not consider it practicable to, and
did not attempt to, quantify or otherwise assign relative or specific weight or values to any of these factors, and individual directors may have held
varied views of the relative importance of the factors considered. The Akebia Board viewed its position and recommendation as being based on an
overall review of the totality of the information available to it and considered these factors in the aggregate to be favorable to, and to support, its
determination regarding the Merger and the Akebia share issuance.

This explanation of Akebia’s reasons for the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, including the Akebia
share issuance, and other information presented in this section is
 

90



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 103/209

Table of Contents

forward-looking in nature and should be read in light of the section of this joint proxy statement/prospectus entitled “Cautionary Statement Regarding
Forward-Looking Statements” beginning on page 51 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

Certain Keryx Management Unaudited Prospective Financial Information

Keryx does not as a matter of course publicly disclose financial projections or forecasts as to future performance, revenues, earnings or other
results given, among other things, the unpredictability, uncertainty and subjectivity of the underlying assumptions and estimates inherent in preparing
financial projections and forecasts. As a result, Keryx does not endorse unaudited prospective financial information as a reliable indication of future
results. Moreover, Keryx’s internally prepared unaudited financial projections presented below were based on estimates, assumptions and judgments
made by Keryx management at the respective times of their preparation and speak only as of such times. Except as required by law, Keryx has no
obligation to update the unaudited financial projections included in this section. It has not done so and does not intend to do so.

The unaudited financial projections concerning each of Keryx and Akebia on a standalone basis, without giving effect to the Merger, and also of
the combined company on a pro forma basis set forth in this section were prepared by Keryx management and made available, except as otherwise
described below, to the Keryx Board in its review and evaluation of the Merger and to Keryx’s financial advisor (see “—Opinion of Keryx’s Financial
Advisor – MTS Securities LLC” beginning on page 95 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus). These unaudited financial projections are not being
included in this joint proxy statement/prospectus to influence the voting decision of any Keryx shareholder or Akebia shareholder with respect to the
Merger, but instead because these unaudited financial projections, in whole or in part, were provided, or formed the basis of what was provided, to the
Keryx Board, Akebia and Keryx’s and Akebia’s financial advisors in connection with their evaluation of Merger as described herein.

You should note that the unaudited financial projections set forth below constitute forward-looking statements. Please see the section entitled
“Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” beginning on page 51 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus for more information.
You should also note that the unaudited financial projections were not prepared with a view toward public disclosure or with a view toward complying
with GAAP, the published guidelines of the SEC or the guidelines established by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants for preparation
and presentation of prospective financial information. The information set forth in the section entitled “—Certain Keryx Management Unaudited
Prospective Financial Information” was prepared utilizing Keryx’s historical internal accounting policies and forecast approach and does not give effect
to the adoption of any new accounting pronouncements. The unaudited prospective financial information included in this section has been prepared by,
and is the responsibility of, Keryx management. Neither Keryx’s nor Akebia’s respective independent registered public accountants, nor any other
independent accountants or financial advisors, have compiled or performed any procedures with respect to the unaudited financial projections set forth
below, nor have they expressed any opinion, judgment or any other form of assurance on such information or its achievability, and none assumes any
responsibility for, and each disclaims any association with, the unaudited financial projections. The reports of the independent registered public
accounting firms incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus relate to historical financial statements. The unaudited prospective
financial information of Keryx does not extend to any prospective financial information or the estimated synergies and should not be seen to do so.

The unaudited financial projections set forth below should not be relied upon as necessarily indicative of actual future results, and readers of this
joint proxy statement/prospectus are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such unaudited financial projections. Furthermore, since the unaudited
financial projections cover multiple years, such information by its nature becomes less predictive with each successive year. Although the unaudited
financial projections are presented with numerical specificity, the unaudited financial projections reflect assumptions, estimates and judgments that are
inherently uncertain and, although considered reasonable by Keryx management as of the date of their use in preparing the unaudited financial
projections, are subject to significant business, economic
 

91



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 104/209

Table of Contents

and competitive risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the unaudited financial projections set
forth below, including, among others, risks and uncertainties due to general business, economic, regulatory, market and financial conditions, as well as
changes in Keryx’s or Akebia’s respective businesses, financial condition or results of operations, and other risks.

Keryx Management Keryx Projections

The following table presents summary selected unaudited prospective financial information for Keryx for the calendar years ending 2018 through
2028 prepared by Keryx management in connection with Keryx’s evaluation of the Merger (the “Keryx Management Keryx Projections”). The Keryx
Management Keryx Projections include Keryx management’s assumptions for U.S. sales of Auryxia with consistent gross-to-net assumptions, royalties
on sales of Riona in Japan, and no price increases, among other assumptions. The Keryx Management Keryx Projections were presented to the Keryx
Board for the purposes of considering and evaluating the Merger, and were shared with Keryx’s financial advisor (see “— Opinion of Keryx’s Financial
Advisor – MTS Securities, LLC” beginning on page 95 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus).

Keryx Management Keryx Projections (Standalone, Pre-Merger Basis) ($ in millions, unaudited)
 
   2018   2019   2020    2021    2022    2023    2024    2025    2026    2027    2028  
Revenue   $ 98  $154  $218   $297   $365   $389   $403   $413   $428   $446   $463 
Gross Profit    73   113   162    237    292    311    331    342    355    369    384 
EBIT (1)    (60)   (9)   37    110    162    200    222    240    261    295    328 
Net Income   $(60)  $ (10)  $ 36   $109   $162   $200   $222   $211   $196   $222   $246 
 
(1) Earnings before interest and taxes (“EBIT”) refers to Keryx’s gross profit less operating expenses.

In addition, at the direction of Keryx management, MTS Securities calculated unlevered free cash flow from unaudited prospective financial
information for Keryx provided to MTS Securities by Keryx management for the calendar years ending 2018 through 2028, as set forth below.
 
   2018   2019   2020   2021   2022    2023    2024    2025    2026    2027    2028  
Unlevered Free Cash Flow (1)   $(90)  $(24)  $ 26   $ 96   $147   $197   $215   $205   $191   $217   $242 
 
(1) Unlevered Free Cash Flow is defined for purposes of the Keryx Management Keryx Projections as EBIT less income tax expense, plus

depreciation and amortization, less changes in working capital, less capital expenditures. Unlevered Free Cash Flow is a non-GAAP measure and
should not be considered as an alternative to operating income or net income as a measure of operating performance or cash flow or as a measure
of liquidity.

Keryx Management Akebia Projections

The summary selected unaudited prospective financial information for Akebia for the calendar years ending 2018 through 2028 was prepared by
Keryx management in connection with Keryx’s evaluation of the Merger (the “Keryx Management Akebia Projections”). The Keryx Management
Akebia Projections were created by Keryx management based on Keryx management’s assumptions about Akebia’s business, including assumptions as
to probability of success through approval of Akebia’s product candidate, vadadustat, certain revenue projections, timing for clinical trial completion,
commercial launch, estimated tax assets and rates, working capital and capital expenditures without regard or reference to any financial information
provided by Akebia management to Keryx in connection with Keryx’s consideration of the Merger. The Keryx Management Akebia
 

92



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 105/209

Table of Contents

Projections were presented to the Keryx Board for the purposes of considering and evaluating the Merger, and were shared with Keryx’s financial
advisor (see “—Opinion of Keryx’s Financial Advisor – MTS Securities, LLC” beginning on page 95 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus).

Keryx Management Akebia Projections (1)
(Standalone, Pre-Merger Basis) ($ in millions, unaudited)

 
   2018   2019   2020   2021   2022   2023   2024    2025    2026    2027    2028  
Akebia Revenue (2)   $ 129  $258  $152  $146  $154  $153  $207   $284   $396   $503   $561 
Gross Profit    129   258   152   146   132   131   182    239    339    432    488 
EBIT    (168)   (87)   (54)   (90)   (16)   (20)   41    99    196    285    337 
Net Income   $(168)  $ (87)  $ (54)  $ (90)  $ (16)  $ (20)  $ 41   $ 99   $186   $271   $254 
 
(1) Includes certain assumptions relating to the business and operations of Akebia deemed appropriate by Keryx management, including for

cumulative probability of success through approval of Akebia’s product candidate, vadadustat.
(2) Akebia Revenue is defined for purposes of the Keryx Management Akebia Projections as Akebia’s share of U.S. net product sales plus revenue

from collaboration partners.

In addition, at the direction of Keryx management, MTS Securities calculated unlevered free cash flow from the Keryx Management Akebia
Projections provided to MTS Securities by Keryx management for the calendar years ending 2018 through 2028, as set forth below.
 
   2018   2019   2020   2021   2022   2023   2024   2025   2026    2027    2028  
Unlevered Free Cash Flow (1)   $(165)  $(109)  $(60)  $(101)  $(42)  $(20)  $ 21   $ 75   $164   $242   $226 
 
(1) Unlevered Free Cash Flow is defined for purposes of the Keryx Management Akebia Projections as EBIT less income tax expense, plus

depreciation and amortization, less changes in working capital, less capital expenditures. Unlevered Free Cash Flow is a non-GAAP measure and
should not be considered as an alternative to operating income or net income as a measure of operating performance or cash flow or as a measure
of liquidity.

Keryx Management Adjusted Akebia Projections

In connection with Keryx’s consideration of the Merger, Keryx management also generated an adjusted set of Akebia projections for the calendar
years ending 2018 and 2025, which are presented in the table below (the “Keryx Management Adjusted Akebia Projections”). The Keryx Management
Adjusted Akebia Projections were based on certain financial information provided to Keryx management by Akebia to which Keryx management
applied its own assumptions for probability of success, estimated tax assets and rates, working capital and capital expenditures and depreciation and
amortization.

The Keryx Management Adjusted Akebia Projections were presented to the Keryx Board for the purposes of considering and evaluating the
Merger and were shared with Keryx’s financial advisor (see “—Opinion of Keryx’s Financial Advisor to Keryx – MTS Securities, LLC” beginning on
page 95 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus).
 

93



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 106/209

Table of Contents

Keryx Management Adjusted Akebia Projections (1)
(Standalone, Pre-Merger Basis) ($ in millions, unaudited)

 
   2018   2019   2020   2021   2022    2023    2024    2025  
Akebia Revenue (2)   $ 169  $ 244  $158  $167  $343   $690   $863   $915 
Operating Income (EBIT)   $(198) $(175)  $ (65)  $ (56)  $144   $470   $601   $645 
 
(1) Included certain assumptions relating to the business and operations of Akebia deemed appropriate by Keryx management, including for the

cumulative probability of success through approval of Akebia’s product candidate, vadadustat.
(2) Akebia Revenue is defined for purposes of the Keryx Management Adjusted Akebia Projections as Akebia’s share of U.S. net product sales plus

revenue from collaboration partners.

In addition, at the direction of Keryx management, MTS Securities calculated, from the Keryx Management Adjusted Akebia Projections
provided to MTS Securities by Keryx management for the calendar years ending 2018 through 2025, unlevered free cash flow as set forth below.
 
   2018   2019   2020   2021   2022   2023    2024    2025  
Unlevered Free Cash Flow (1)   $(201) $(193)  $(97)  $(50)  $ 72   $336   $417   $517 
 
(1) Unlevered Free Cash Flow is defined for purposes of the Keryx Management Adjusted Akebia Projections as EBIT less income tax expense, plus

depreciation and amortization, less changes in working capital, less capital expenditures. Unlevered Free Cash Flow is a non-GAAP measure and
should not be considered as an alternative to operating income or net income as a measure of operating performance or cash flow or as a measure
of liquidity.

Keryx Management Pro Forma Analysis

The following table presents summary estimated unaudited pro forma financial information for the combined company (the “Keryx Management
Pro Forma Analysis”) prepared by Keryx management based on its assumptions in respect of the combined company following the completion of the
Merger for the calendar years ending 2018 through 2028 in connection with Keryx’s evaluation of the Merger. Such assumptions included certain
synergies, dis-synergies and estimated NOL balances. The Keryx Management Pro Forma Analysis was made available to the Keryx Board for the
purposes of considering and evaluating the Merger, and was shared with Keryx’s financial advisor (see “—Opinion of Keryx’s Financial Advisor—MTS
Securities, LLC” beginning on page 95 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus).

Keryx Management Pro Forma Analysis
(Post-Merger Basis)

($ in millions, unaudited)
 
   2018   2019   2020   2021    2022    2023    2024    2025    2026    2027    2028  
Revenue   $ 228  $ 416  $374  $449   $549   $573   $635   $705   $833   $957   $1,033 
Gross Profit    202   374   317   388    448    469    538    593    708    817    888 
EBIT    (245)   (123)   (43)   28    179    198    279    341    463    593    675 
Net Income   $(245)  $(124)  $ (44)  $ 28   $170   $188   $252   $264   $356   $453   $ 514 

In addition, at the direction of Keryx management, MTS Securities calculated, from the unaudited prospective financial information for the
combined company provided to MTS Securities by Keryx management for the calendar years ending 2018 through 2028, unlevered free cash flow as set
forth below.
 
   2018   2019   2020   2021   2022    2023    2024    2025    2026    2027    2028  
Unlevered Free Cash Flow (1)   $(236)  $(87)  $ 13   $ 72   $190   $209   $247   $295   $383   $475   $538 
 

94



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 107/209

Table of Contents

(1) Unlevered Free Cash Flow is defined for purposes of the Keryx Management Pro Forma Analysis as EBIT less income tax expense, plus
depreciation and amortization, less changes in working capital, less capital expenditures. Unlevered Free Cash Flow is a non-GAAP measure and
should not be considered as an alternative to operating income or net income as a measure of operating performance or cash flow or as a measure
of liquidity.

The unaudited projections included in this section “Certain Keryx Management Unaudited Prospective Financial Information” may calculate
certain non-GAAP financial measures using different methodologies from other companies, and Keryx does not provide a reconciliation of the
forward-looking non-GAAP financial measures to the comparable GAAP financial measures because it is unable to reasonably predict certain items
contained in the GAAP financial measures, including non-recurring and infrequent items that are not indicative of Keryx’s ongoing operations. These
items are uncertain, depend on various factors and could have a material impact on Keryx’s GAAP results for the applicable period. Keryx encourages
you to review all of its financial statements included in the sections entitled “Selected Historical Consolidated Financial Data of Keryx,” “Selected
Akebia and Keryx Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Data” and “Comparative Historical and Unaudited Pro Forma Per Share
Data” beginning on pages 28, 34, and 36, respectively, of this joint proxy statement/prospectus in their entirety and to not rely on any single financial
measure.

Opinion of Keryx’s Financial Advisor – MTS Securities, LLC

Keryx retained MTS Health Partners as a financial advisor in connection with a potential strategic transaction. On June 27, 2018, MTS Securities
rendered its oral opinion to the Keryx Board (which was subsequently confirmed in writing as of June 27, 2018), that, as of that date and subject to the
various assumptions made, procedures followed, matters considered and qualifications and limitations set forth in the MTS Opinion and described
below, the Exchange Multiplier to be received by the holders of Keryx Shares (other than holders of Excluded Shares, Baupost and their respective
affiliates) in the Merger is fair, from a financial point of view, to such holders.

The full text of the MTS Opinion sets forth the assumptions made, procedures followed, matters considered and qualifications and
limitations on the review undertaken by MTS Securities in connection with the MTS Opinion. The MTS Opinion is attached as Annex B to this
joint proxy statement/prospectus and is incorporated herein by reference. The summary of the MTS Opinion set forth in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the MTS Opinion. We urge you to read carefully the MTS
Opinion, together with the summary thereof in this joint proxy statement/prospectus, in its entirety.

MTS Securities provided its opinion for the information and assistance of the Keryx Board in connection with its consideration of the
Merger. The MTS Opinion addressed solely the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the Exchange Multiplier to be received by the holders
of Keryx Shares (other than holders of Excluded Shares, Baupost and their respective affiliates) in the Merger and does not address any other
aspect or implication of the Merger. The MTS Opinion was not a recommendation to the Keryx Board or any shareholder of Keryx as to how to
vote or to take any other action in connection with the Merger.

In the course of performing its review and analyses for rendering the opinion described above, MTS Securities:

(i) reviewed the financial terms of a draft copy of the Merger Agreement as of June 26, 2018, which was the most recent draft available to MTS
Securities prior to the time it rendered its oral opinion (the “Draft Merger Agreement”);

(ii) reviewed certain publicly available business and financial information concerning Keryx and Akebia and the industry in which they each
operate;
 

95



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 108/209

Table of Contents

(iii) reviewed certain publicly available financial analyses and forecasts relating to each of Keryx and Akebia prepared by equity analysts who
report on Keryx and Akebia, respectively;

(iv) reviewed the Keryx Management Keryx Projections, certain unaudited unadjusted prospective financial information of Akebia on a
standalone basis provided by Akebia management to Keryx and MTS Securities, the Keryx Management Adjusted Akebia Projections, and the Keryx
Management Akebia Projections, including estimates of certain potential benefits of the Merger prepared by Keryx management; information on the
Keryx Management Keryx Projections, the Keryx Management Adjusted Akebia Projections and the Keryx Management Akebia Projections are
explained in more detail in the section entitled “Certain Keryx Management Unaudited Prospective Financial Information.” In this section (i) the Keryx
Management Keryx Projections, (ii) the certain unaudited unadjusted prospective financial information of Akebia on a standalone basis provided by
Akebia management to Keryx and MTS Securities to which Keryx management applied certain assumptions and adjustments to arrive at the Keryx
Management Adjusted Akebia Projections, (iii) the Keryx Management Adjusted Akebia Projections, and (iv) the Keryx Management Akebia
Projections are collectively referred to as the “Projections;”

(v) conducted discussions with members of management and representatives of each of Keryx and Akebia concerning the matters described in
clauses (ii) through (iv) above;

(vi) compared the financial and operating performance of each of Keryx and Akebia with publicly available information concerning other publicly
traded companies and reviewed the current and historical market prices of the Keryx Shares, the Akebia Shares and certain publicly traded securities of
such other companies, in each case, that MTS Securities deemed relevant;

(vii) reviewed and analyzed, based on each of the Keryx Management Keryx Projections, the Keryx Management Adjusted Akebia Projections
and the Keryx Management Akebia Projections, the cash flows to be generated by Keryx and Akebia, respectively, to determine the present value of
each of Keryx’s and Akebia’s, respectively, discounted cash flows; and

(viii) performed such other financial studies, analyses and investigations and considered such other information as MTS Securities deemed
appropriate for the purposes of its opinion.

In arriving at its opinion, MTS Securities assumed and relied upon, without assuming liability or responsibility for independent verification, the
accuracy and completeness of all of the financial, legal, regulatory, tax, accounting and other information that was publicly available or was provided to,
discussed with or reviewed by MTS Securities and upon the assurances of Keryx management that they were not aware of any material relevant
developments or matters related to Keryx or Akebia or that may affect the Merger that were omitted or that remained undisclosed to MTS Securities.
The MTS Opinion does not address any legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or financial reporting matters, as to which MTS Securities understood that
Keryx had obtained such advice as it deemed necessary from experts, and MTS Securities relied with the consent of the Keryx Board on any
assessments made by experts to Keryx with respect to such matters. Without limiting the foregoing, MTS Securities did not consider any tax effects of
the Merger or the transaction structure on any person or entity. MTS Securities did not conduct any independent verification of the Projections and
expressed no view as to the Projections or the assumptions upon which they were based. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, with respect to
the Projections, MTS Securities assumed, with the consent of the Keryx Board and based upon discussions with Keryx management and Akebia
management, that each of the Projections was reasonably prepared in good faith and that the Projections, including any estimates of certain potential
benefits of the Merger prepared by Keryx management and the timing to achieve such benefits, reflected the best currently available estimates and
judgments of Keryx management and Akebia management regarding the future results of operations and financial performance of Keryx and Akebia.

In arriving at its opinion, MTS Securities did not make any analysis of, and did not express any opinion as to, the adequacy of the reserves of
Keryx or Akebia and relied upon information provided to MTS Securities by
 

96



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 109/209

Table of Contents

Keryx and Akebia as to such adequacy. In addition, MTS Securities did not make any independent evaluations or appraisals of the assets or liabilities
(including any contingent derivatives or off balance sheet assets or liabilities) of Keryx, Akebia or any of their respective subsidiaries, and MTS
Securities was not furnished with any such evaluations or appraisals, nor did MTS Securities evaluate the solvency of Keryx, Akebia or any other entity
under any state or federal law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or similar matters. The analyses performed by MTS Securities in connection with its
opinion were going concern analyses. MTS Securities expressed no opinion regarding the liquidation value of Keryx, Akebia or any other entity. MTS
Securities assumed that there was no material change in the assets, financial condition, business or prospects of Keryx or Akebia since the date of the
most recent relevant financial statements made available to MTS Securities. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, MTS Securities undertook
no independent analysis of any pending or threatened litigation, regulatory action, possible unasserted claims or other contingent liabilities to which
Keryx, Akebia or any of their respective affiliates is a party or may be subject, and at the direction of Keryx and with its consent, MTS Securities made
no assumption concerning, and therefore did not consider, the possible assertion of claims, outcomes or damages arising out of any such matters in
rendering its opinion. MTS Securities also assumed that neither Keryx nor Akebia is party to any material pending transaction that was not disclosed to
MTS Securities, including, without limitation, any financing, recapitalization, acquisition or merger, divestiture or spin-off, other than the Merger. MTS
Securities did not consider any potential legislative or regulatory changes currently being considered or that may be adopted by any governmental or
regulatory bodies or any potential changes in accounting methods or generally accepted accounting principles that may be adopted.

MTS Securities assumed that the representations and warranties of each party contained in the Merger Agreement and in all other related
documents and instruments that are referred to therein are and will be true and correct as of the date or the dates made or deemed made, that each party
thereto will fully and timely perform all of the covenants and agreements required to be performed by it under the Merger Agreement, the Akebia Voting
Agreement and any other agreement contemplated by any such agreements, that all conditions to the consummation of the Merger will be satisfied
without waiver thereof and that the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement will be consummated in accordance with the terms of the
Merger Agreement without waiver, modification or amendment of any term, condition or agreement thereof. MTS Securities assumed that the final form
of the Merger Agreement will be in all respects relevant to its analysis identical to the Draft Merger Agreement. MTS Securities also assumed that any
governmental, regulatory and other consents and approvals contemplated in connection with the Merger will be obtained and that, in the course of
obtaining any of those consents and approvals, no restrictions will be imposed or waivers made that would have an adverse effect on Keryx, Akebia or
the benefits contemplated to be realized as a result of the Merger.

The MTS Opinion was necessarily based on economic, market, financial and other conditions existing, and on the information made available to
MTS Securities, as of the date of its opinion. Although subsequent developments may affect the conclusion reached in its opinion, MTS Securities did
not assume any obligation to update, revise or reaffirm the MTS Opinion.

The MTS Opinion addresses solely the fairness, from a financial point of view, to the holders of Keryx Shares (other than holders of Excluded
Shares, Baupost and their respective affiliates) of the Exchange Multiplier to be received by such holders in the Merger and does not address any other
terms in the Merger Agreement or any other agreement relating to the Merger or any other aspect or implication of the Merger, including, without
limitation, the form or structure of the Merger. The MTS Opinion does not address Keryx’s underlying business decision to proceed with the Merger or
the relative merits of the Merger compared to other alternatives available to Keryx. The MTS Opinion does not express any opinion as to the prices or
ranges of prices at which shares or other securities of any person, including Keryx Shares or Akebia Shares, will trade at any time, including following
the announcement or consummation of the Merger. The MTS Opinion does not in any manner address the amount or nature of compensation to any of
the officers, directors or employees of any party to the Merger, or any class of such persons, relative to the compensation to be paid to the shareholders
of Keryx in connection with the Merger or with respect to the fairness of any such compensation. The MTS Opinion noted that the Merger Agreement
provides that certain restricted shares of Keryx will be converted into restricted stock units of Akebia
 

97



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 110/209

Table of Contents

in the Merger, as determined by the Exchange Multiplier, and that MTS Securities did not consider the effect on the conversion thereof or any
restrictions on holders of such restricted shares of Keryx.

In accordance with customary investment banking practice, MTS Securities employed generally accepted valuation methods in reaching its
opinion. The MTS Opinion was reviewed and approved by a fairness committee of MTS Securities.

Summary of Financial Analysis

MTS Securities performed a variety of financial analyses for purposes of rendering its opinion. The preparation of a financial opinion is a complex
process and is not susceptible to partial analysis or summary description. In arriving at its opinion, MTS Securities considered the results of all of its
analyses as a whole and did not attribute any particular weight to any analysis or factor considered. Each analytical technique has inherent strengths and
weaknesses, and the nature of the available information may further affect the value of particular techniques. The overall conclusions MTS Securities
reached were based on all the analyses and factors presented, taken as a whole, and also on application of MTS Securities’ own experience and
judgment. Such conclusions may involve significant elements of subjective judgment and qualitative analysis. MTS Securities therefore gave no opinion
as to the value or merit standing alone of any one or more parts of the analyses. Furthermore, MTS Securities believes that the summary provided and
the analyses described below must be considered as a whole and that selecting any portion of the analyses, without considering all of them, would create
an incomplete view of the process underlying MTS Securities’ analysis and opinion. As a result, the ranges of valuations resulting from any particular
analysis or combination of analyses described below should not be taken to be the view of MTS Securities with respect to the actual value of Keryx,
Keryx Shares, Akebia or Akebia Shares.

Some of the summaries of the financial analyses include information presented in tabular format. The tables must be read together with the full
text of the corresponding summaries and are alone not a complete description of the financial analyses performed by MTS Securities. Considering the
data in the tables below without considering the corresponding full narrative descriptions of the financial analyses, including the methodologies and
assumptions underlying such analyses, could create a misleading or incomplete view of the financial analyses performed by MTS Securities.

In performing its analyses, MTS Securities made numerous assumptions with respect to industry performance, general business, regulatory and
economic conditions and other matters, all of which are beyond MTS Securities’ control and many of which are beyond the control of Keryx and/or
Akebia. Any estimates used by MTS Securities in its analysis are not necessarily indicative of future results or actual values, which may be significantly
more or less favorable than those suggested by such estimates.

MTS Securities performed standalone valuation analyses of both Keryx and Akebia using a variety of valuation methodologies, as described
below. MTS Securities then performed a relative valuation analysis in order to compare the Exchange Multiplier to be received by holders of Keryx
Shares (other than holders of Excluded Shares, Baupost and their respective affiliates) in the Merger, to the range of exchange multipliers implied based
on the respective standalone valuation ranges. MTS Securities also analyzed the performance of the pro forma combination. Except as otherwise noted,
the following quantitative information, to the extent that it is based on market data, is based on market data as it existed on or before June 27, 2018 and
is not necessarily indicative of current market conditions.

Keryx Valuation Analysis

MTS Securities analyzed the valuation of Keryx using two different methodologies: discounted cash flow analysis and public trading comparable
companies analysis. The results of each of these analyses are summarized below.
 

98



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 111/209

Table of Contents

Keryx Discounted Cash Flow Analysis – Overview

MTS Securities performed a discounted cash flow analysis of Keryx by calculating, based on the Keryx Management Keryx Projections, the
estimated present value of Keryx’s discounted cash flows and terminal value. MTS Securities utilized the discounted cash flow analysis of Keryx to
determine a range of implied values of Keryx Shares. At the direction of Keryx, MTS conducted certain sensitivity analyses for the purposes of its
discounted cash flow analysis using ranges of (i) terminal exit revenue multiples of 2.0x to 5.0x, based upon MTS Securities’ analysis of transactions
involving single-to-few small molecule, off-patent products, (ii) revenue achievements of 75% to 125%, as provided by Keryx management, and
(iii) weighted average cost of capital of 11% to 15%, reflecting calculated estimates of Keryx’s weighted average cost of capital, based upon MTS
Securities’ analysis of the cost of capital for Keryx’s comparable company universe.

Discounted Cash Flow Analysis – Keryx Management Keryx Projections

MTS Securities discounted to present value as of June 30, 2018, (i) estimates of the Unlevered Free Cash Flow (as defined below) to be generated
by Keryx from July 1, 2018 through December 31, 2028, calculated by MTS Securities based on the Keryx Management Keryx Projections and (ii) a
terminal enterprise value at December 31, 2028 by applying an enterprise value to revenue multiple to Keryx’s terminal revenue. For the purposes of
this section, “Opinion of Keryx’s Financial Advisor – MTS Securities, LLC”, “Unlevered Free Cash Flow” is defined as earnings before interest and
taxes (“EBIT”) less income tax expense, plus depreciation and amortization, less changes in working capital, less capital expenditures. Keryx’s terminal
revenue assumption was provided by Keryx management and calculated based on 2028 Auryxia U.S. sales, discounted based on Keryx management
assumptions. An implied per share value was calculated based on Keryx’s current capitalization, as provided by Keryx management and assuming the
conversion of the Convertible Notes into Keryx Shares.

Where MTS Securities sensitized a range of terminal exit revenue multiples and weighted average cost of capital, the midpoint of the revenue
achievement range, 100%, was utilized, and the implied value of each Keryx Share, rounded to the nearest $0.25 per share, ranged from $4.25 to $6.00.
Where MTS Securities sensitized revenue achievement and weighted average cost of capital, the midpoint of the terminal exit revenue multiple range,
was utilized, and the implied value of each Keryx Share, rounded to the nearest $0.25 per share, ranged from $2.75 to $7.75. Where MTS Securities
sensitized only the weighted average cost of capital, the implied value of each Keryx Share, rounded to the nearest $0.25 per share, ranged from $4.50 to
$5.75. MTS Securities compared the ranges of implied value of each Keryx Share to the closing price of Keryx Shares on June 27, 2018 of $4.48 per
share.

Public Trading Comparable Companies Analysis

MTS Securities reviewed and compared the projected operating performance of Keryx, based on the Keryx Management Keryx Projections, with
publicly available information concerning other publicly traded companies and reviewed the current market price of Keryx Shares and certain publicly
traded securities of such other companies. MTS Securities selected the following specialty (non-primary care) commercial companies without
meaningful pipelines:
 

 •  AMAG Pharmaceuticals Inc.
 

 •  Amarin Corporation plc
 

 •  Collegium Pharmaceutical, Inc.
 

 •  Lexicon Pharmaceuticals Inc.
 

 •  Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc.
 

 •  Vanda Pharmaceuticals Inc.
 

 •  Veloxis Pharmaceuticals A/S
 

99



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 112/209

Table of Contents

Although none of the selected companies is directly comparable to Keryx, MTS Securities included these companies in its analysis because they
are publicly traded companies with certain characteristics that, for purposes of analysis, may be considered similar to certain characteristics of Keryx.

MTS Securities calculated the following metrics for each of the selected comparable companies using consensus equity research estimates as of
June 27, 2018 for such companies:
 

 •  The enterprise value (“EV”)
 

 •  The enterprise value as a multiple of estimated peak sales (“EV/Peak Sales”)
 

 •  The enterprise value as a multiple of estimated 2019 and 2020 revenues (“EV/2019E Revenue” and “EV/2020E Revenue”)
 

 •  The stock price as a multiple of projected earnings per share (“Price/2020E Earnings”)

For purposes of this analysis, the equity value of each of the selected comparable companies was calculated by multiplying the closing price per
share of common stock of such company on June 27, 2018 by the number of such company’s fully diluted outstanding shares, and the enterprise value
was calculated by adding to that result such company’s net debt, preferred stock and minority interest.

MTS Securities derived a low and high enterprise valuation range, as well as a low and high multiple range for EV/Peak Sales, EV/2019E
Revenue, EV/2020E Revenue and Price/2020E Earnings, each based on the minimum and maximum enterprise values and multiples, respectively, of the
comparable companies, for Keryx. MTS Securities applied the low and high ranges to derive low and high equity valuations of Keryx, based upon each
metric, after adjusting for net debt, preferred stock and minority interest, as appropriate, and an implied value of each Keryx Share was calculated based
on Keryx’s current capitalization, as provided by Keryx management and assuming the conversion of the Convertible Notes into Keryx Shares.

The table below notes the low and high ranges and implied value of each Keryx Share, rounded to the nearest $0.25, for each metric:
 

Metric   
Keryx Value

($mm)    Metric Range  
Implied Value of Each

Keryx Share Range
Enterprise Value

   —     
$203 –
$1,359   $1.75 –$9.00

EV/Peak Sales   $ 463   0.5x – 1.7x   $2.00 –$5.50
EV/2019E Revenue   $ 154   1.2x – 6.3x   $1.75 –$6.50
EV/2020E Revenue   $ 218   1.1x – 5.0x   $2.00 –$7.25
Price/2020E Earnings

  $ 37   
4.4x –
52.8x   $1.00 –$12.25

MTS Securities compared the ranges of implied value of each Keryx Share to the closing price of Keryx Shares on June 27, 2018 of $4.48 per
share.
 

100



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 113/209

Table of Contents

Historical Stock Price Performance

MTS Securities reviewed the share price trading history of Keryx Shares for the one-year period beginning on June 28, 2017 and ending on
June 27, 2018. During this period, Keryx Shares traded as low as $3.92 per share and as high as $8.38 per share, compared to the closing price of Keryx
Shares on June 27, 2018 of $4.48 per share. During the 90 calendar day period ending June 27, 2018, Keryx Shares traded as low as $3.92 per share and
as high as $5.98 per share. In addition, MTS Securities reviewed the volume weighted average trading price over the 5 trading day, 10 trading day, 20
trading day, 30 trading day, 60 trading day, 6 month and 12 month periods ending on June 27, 2018. These volume weighted average prices are set forth
in the table below:
 

Trading Period   
Volume Weighted

Average Price  
5 Trading Day   $ 4.81 
10 Trading Day   $ 4.94 
20 Trading Day   $ 5.02 
30 Trading Day   $ 5.14 
60 Trading Day   $ 4.97 
6 Months   $ 4.76 
12 Months   $ 5.58 

MTS noted that the share price trading history and volume weighted average trading prices were referenced for informational purposes only and
were not relied upon for valuation purposes.

Akebia Valuation Analysis

MTS Securities analyzed the valuation of Akebia using two different methodologies: discounted cash flow analysis and public trading comparable
companies analysis. The results of each of these analyses are summarized below.

Akebia Discounted Cash Flow Analysis – Overview

MTS Securities performed discounted cash flow analyses of Akebia by calculating, based on each of the Keryx Management Adjusted Akebia
Projections and the Keryx Management Akebia Projections, the estimated present value of Akebia’s discounted cash flows and terminal value. MTS
Securities utilized the discounted cash flow analyses of Akebia to determine a range of implied values of Akebia Shares. At the direction of Keryx, MTS
Securities conducted certain sensitivity analyses for purposes of its discounted cash flow analyses using ranges of (i) terminal exit revenue multiples of
4.0x to 6.0x, based upon MTS Securities’ analysis of transactions involving single-to-few small molecule products with several years of estimated
patent life remaining where the target was commercial for at least two years prior to acquisition, (ii) revenue achievements of 50% to 150%, as provided
by Keryx management, (iii) probabilities of success, as provided by Keryx management and based on Keryx management’s estimate of the likelihood of
approval, and (iv) weighted average cost of capital of 13% to 17%, reflecting calculated estimates of Akebia’s weighted average cost of capital, based
upon MTS Securities’ analysis of the cost of capital for Akebia’s comparable company universe.

Discounted Cash Flow Analysis – Keryx Management Adjusted Akebia Projections

MTS Securities discounted to present value as of June 30, 2018, (i) estimates of the Unlevered Free Cash Flow that Akebia will generate during
the period beginning on July 1, 2018 through on December 31, 2025, calculated by MTS Securities based on the Keryx Management Adjusted Akebia
Projections , and (ii) a terminal enterprise value at December 31, 2025 by applying an enterprise value to revenue multiple to Akebia’s terminal revenue.
Akebia’s terminal revenue assumption was calculated as Akebia’s share of vadadustat U.S. sales plus royalties in 2025. An implied per share value was
calculated based on Akebia’s current capitalization, as provided by Akebia’s management.
 

101



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 114/209

Table of Contents

Where MTS Securities sensitized a range of terminal exit revenue multiples and weighted average cost of capital, the midpoints of the revenue
achievement range, and probability of success range were utilized, and the implied value of each Akebia Share, rounded to the nearest $0.25 per share,
ranged from $24.50 to $40.75. Where MTS Securities sensitized revenue achievement and weighted average cost of capital, the midpoints of the
terminal exit revenue multiple range and probability of success range, were utilized, and the implied value of each Akebia Share, rounded to the nearest
$0.25 per share, ranged from $13.50 to $51.00. Where MTS Securities sensitized probability of success and weighted average cost of capital, the
midpoints of the revenue achievement range, and terminal exit revenue multiple range, were utilized, and the implied value of each Akebia Share,
rounded to the nearest $0.25 per share, ranged from $26.75 to $37.75. MTS Securities compared the ranges of implied value of each Akebia Share to the
closing price of Akebia Shares on June 27, 2018 of $10.38 per share.

Discounted Cash Flow Analysis – Keryx Management Akebia Projections

MTS Securities discounted to present value as of June 30, 2018 (i) estimates of the Unlevered Free Cash Flow that Akebia will generate during
the period beginning on July 1, 2018 through on December 31, 2028, calculated by MTS Securities based on the Keryx Management Akebia Projections
and (ii) a terminal enterprise value at December 31, 2028 by applying an enterprise value to revenue multiple to Akebia’s terminal revenue, all on a
probability of success adjusted basis. Akebia’s terminal revenue assumption was calculated as Akebia’s share of vadadustat U.S. sales plus royalties in
2028. An implied per share value was calculated based on Akebia’s current capitalization, as provided by Akebia management.

Where MTS Securities sensitized a range of terminal exit revenue multiples and weighted average cost of capital, the midpoints of the revenue
achievement range, and probability of success range were utilized, and the implied value of each Akebia Share, rounded to the nearest $0.25 per share,
ranged from $10.25 to $18.25. Where MTS Securities sensitized revenue achievement and weighted average cost of capital, the midpoints of the
terminal exit revenue multiple range, and probability of success range, were utilized, and the implied value of each Akebia Share, rounded to the nearest
$0.25 per share, ranged from $3.75 to $26.25. Where MTS Securities sensitized probability of success and weighted average cost of capital, the
midpoints of the revenue achievement range, and terminal exit revenue multiple range, were utilized, and the implied value of each Akebia Share,
rounded to the nearest $0.25 per share, ranged from $11.50 to $16.75. MTS Securities compared the ranges of implied value of each Akebia Share to the
closing price of Akebia Shares on June 27, 2018 of $10.38 per share.

Public Trading Comparable Companies Analysis

MTS Securities reviewed and compared the projected operating performance of Akebia, based on each of the Keryx Management Adjusted
Akebia Projections and the Keryx Management Akebia Projections, with publicly available information concerning other publicly traded companies and
reviewed the current market price of Akebia Shares and certain publicly traded securities of such other companies. MTS Securities selected the
following selected specialty (non-primary care) development stage companies with Phase II data and single-to-few molecules:
 

 •  Aldeyra Therapeutics, Inc.
 

 •  Cara Therapeutics, Inc.
 

 •  Fibrogen Inc.
 

 •  Galectin Therapeutics Inc.
 

 •  Genfit S.A.
 

 •  Inventiva S.A.
 

 •  Madrigal Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
 

 •  Minerva Neurosciences, Inc.
 

102



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 115/209

Table of Contents

 •  Reata Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
 

 •  Resverlogix Corp.
 

 •  Seres Therapeutics, Inc.
 

 •  Viking Therapeutics, Inc.

Although none of the selected companies is directly comparable to Akebia, MTS Securities included these companies in its analysis because they
are publicly traded companies with certain characteristics that, for purposes of analysis, may be considered similar to certain characteristics of Akebia.

MTS Securities calculated the following metrics for each of the selected comparable companies, using consensus equity research estimates as of
June 27, 2018 for such companies:
 

 •  EV
 

 •  EV/Peak Sales

For purposes of this analysis, the enterprise value of each comparable company was calculated by multiplying the closing price per share of
common stock of such company on June 27, 2018 by the number of such company’s fully diluted outstanding shares and adding to that result such
company’s net debt, preferred stock and minority interest.

MTS Securities derived a low and high enterprise valuation range, as well as a low and high multiple range for EV/Peak Sales, each based on the
minimum and maximum enterprise values and multiples, respectively, of the comparable companies, for Akebia. MTS Securities applied the low and
high ranges to the respective valuation metrics of Akebia to derive low and high equity valuations based upon each metric, after adjusting for net debt,
preferred stock and minority interest as appropriate, and an implied value of each Akebia Share was calculated based on Akebia’s current capitalization,
as provided by Akebia management. For the EV/Peak Sales valuation using the Keryx Management Adjusted Akebia Projections, the EV/Peak Sales
multiple range was applied to the 2025 estimate of Akebia’s share of vadadustat U.S. sales plus royalties, after taking into account a probability of
success adjustment. For the EV/Peak Sales valuation using the Keryx Management Akebia Projections, the EV/Peak Sales multiple range was applied to
the 2028 probability of success adjusted estimate of Akebia’s share of vadadustat U.S. sales plus royalties.

The table below notes the low and high ranges and implied value of each Akebia Share, rounded to the nearest $0.25, for each metric:
 

Metric   
Akebia Value

($mm)    
Metric
Range    

Implied Value of Each
Akebia Share Range  

Enterprise Value
   —     $

73 –
$5,023   $ 8.00 –$90.25 

EV/Peak Sales – Keryx Management Adjusted Akebia
Projections   $ 721    

0.2x –
2.9x   $ 9.00 –$42.00 

EV/Peak Sales – Keryx Management Akebia
Projections   $ 497    

0.2x –
2.9x   $ 8.25 –$31.00 

MTS Securities compared the ranges of implied value of each Akebia Share to the closing price of Akebia Shares on June 27, 2018 of $10.38 per
share.

Historical Stock Price Performance

MTS Securities reviewed the share price trading history of Akebia Shares for the one-year period beginning on June 28, 2017 and ending on
June 27, 2018. During this period, Akebia Shares traded as low as $8.93 per share and as high as $20.25 per share, compared to the closing price of
Akebia Shares on June 27, 2018 of
 

103



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 116/209

Table of Contents

$10.38 per share. During the 90 calendar day period ending June 27, 2018, Akebia Shares traded as low as $8.93 per share and as high as $15.37 per
share. In addition, MTS Securities reviewed the volume weighted average trading price over the 5 trading day, 10 trading day, 20 trading day, 30 trading
day, 60 trading day, 6 month and 12 month periods ending on June 27, 2018. These volume weighted average prices are set forth in the table below.
 

Trading Period   
Volume Weighted

Average Price  
5 Trading Day   $ 10.75 
10 Trading Day   $ 10.88 
20 Trading Day   $ 10.52 
30 Trading Day   $ 10.49 
60 Trading Day   $ 10.05 
6 Months   $ 11.65 
12 Months   $ 13.74 

MTS noted that the share price trading history and volume weighted average trading prices were referenced for informational purposes only and
were not relied upon for valuation purposes.

Relative Valuation Analysis

MTS Securities compared the following combinations of low and high equity values of both companies to determine the implied range of
exchange multipliers, in terms of Akebia Shares to be received by Keryx shareholders for each existing Keryx Share:
 

 •  Keryx High Share Value and Akebia Low Share Value (K High / A Low)
 

 •  Keryx High Share Value and Akebia High Share Value (K High / A High)
 

 •  Keryx Low Share Value and Akebia Low Share Value (K Low / A Low)
 

 •  Keryx Low Share Value and Akebia High Share Value (K Low / A High)
 

104



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 117/209

Table of Contents

The table below notes the implied exchange multipliers resulting from applying the multiple valuation methodologies in each of the comparable
equity value scenarios described above. EV/2019E Revenue, EV/2020E Revenue and Price/2020E Earnings were not included in the relative valuation
analysis because these metrics were not utilized for Akebia. MTS Securities compared these ranges of implied exchange multipliers (as presented
below) to the Exchange Multiplier to be received by holders of Keryx Shares (other than holders of Excluded Shares, Baupost and their respective
affiliates) in the Merger:
 

Valuation Methodology   
K High /
A Low    

K High /
A High    

K Low /
A Low    

K Low /
A High  

Discounted Cash Flow (using the Keryx Management Adjusted Akebia Projections)  
Sensitized by Terminal Revenue Multiple and Weighted Average Cost of Capital    0.25x    0.15x    0.18x    0.10x 
Sensitized by Revenue Achievement and Weighted Average Cost of Capital    0.58x    0.15x    0.20x    0.05x 
Sensitized by Probability of Success and Weighted Average Cost of Capital    0.21x    0.15x    0.17x    0.12x 

Discounted Cash Flow (using the Keryx Management Akebia Projections)  
Sensitized by Terminal Revenue Multiple and Weighted Average Cost of Capital    0.59x    0.33x    0.41x    0.23x 
Sensitized by Revenue Achievement and Weighted Average Cost of Capital    2.04x    0.30x    0.71x    0.10x 
Sensitized by Probability of Success and Weighted Average Cost of Capital    0.50x    0.34x    0.40x    0.27x 

Public Trading Comparable Companies Analysis  
Enterprise Value    1.13x    0.10x    0.22x    0.02x 
EV / Peak Sales (using the Keryx Management Adjusted Akebia Projections)    0.60x    0.13x    0.22x    0.05x 
EV / Peak Sales (using the Keryx Management Akebia Projections)    0.65x    0.18x    0.24x    0.07x 

For informational purposes only and not as a component of its fairness analysis, MTS Securities also reviewed the implied exchange multipliers
resulting from comparing the one-year high and low trading values of Akebia Shares and Keryx Shares (as presented below), and the implied exchange
multiplier based on the closing price of Akebia Shares and Keryx Shares on June 27, 2018, which was 0.43160.
 

   
K High /
A Low    

K High /
A High    

K Low /
A Low    

K Low /
A High  

One-Year Trading Values    0.94x    0.41x    0.44x    0.19x 

Pro Forma Combination Analysis

For informational purposes only and not as a component of its fairness analysis, MTS Securities also analyzed the projected performance of the
pro forma combination, including projected synergies and an assumed pro forma capital structure, each as provided by Keryx management as of
June 27, 2018. MTS Securities compared the implied value of each Keryx Share in the pro forma combination, using the full ranges of sensitivities from
the standalone discounted cash flow analyses of Keryx and of Akebia, to the implied value of each Keryx Share on a standalone basis, using the ranges
of sensitivities from the standalone discounted cash flow analysis of Keryx. For each of the sensitivity analyses for the pro forma combination, the
assumption for variables which were not sensitized are as follows:
 

 •  Terminal exit revenue multiple of 4.25x, the average of the Keryx and Akebia midpoint terminal exit revenue multiples
 

105



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 118/209

Table of Contents

 •  Revenue achievement of 100%
 

 •  Akebia probability of success

While the full range of values was utilized for the implied value of each Keryx Share in the pro forma combination, a summary comparison of the
comparable inputs for each sensitivity analysis is provided below:
 

Varying Sensitivity Inputs   

Implied Value of
Each Keryx Share
on a Standalone

Basis    

Implied Value of Each
Keryx Share in the

Pro Forma
Combination  

Terminal Exit Revenue Multiple and Weighted Average Cost of Capital  
2x Terminal Exit Revenue Multiple, 15%

Weighted Average Cost of Capital   $ 4.28   $ 4.27 
2x Terminal Exit Revenue Multiple, 11%

Weighted Average Cost of Capital   $ 5.38   $ 5.40 
5x Terminal Exit Revenue Multiple, 15%

Weighted Average Cost of Capital   $ 4.78   $ 5.56 
5x Terminal Exit Revenue Multiple, 15%

Weighted Average Cost of Capital   $ 6.09   $ 7.24 
3.5x and 4.25x Terminal Exit Revenue

Multiple, 13% and 14% Weighted Average
Cost of Capital for Keryx on a standalone
basis and in the pro forma combination,
respectively   $ 5.09   $ 5.57 

Revenue Achievement and Weighted Average Cost of Capital  
75% Revenue Achievement, 15% Weighted

Average Cost of Capital   $ 2.70   $ 3.62 
75% Revenue Achievement, 11% Weighted

Average Cost of Capital   $ 3.56   $ 4.73 
125% Revenue Achievement, 15% Weighted

Average Cost of Capital   $ 6.26   $ 6.77 
125% Revenue Achievement, 15% Weighted

Average Cost of Capital   $ 7.80   $ 8.75 
100% Revenue Achievement, 13% and 14%

Weighted Average Cost of Capital for Keryx
on a standalone basis and in the pro forma
combination, respectively   $ 5.09   $ 5.57 

Weighted Average Cost of Capital  
15% Weighted Average Cost of Capital   $ 4.53   $ 5.24 
11% Weighted Average Cost of Capital   $ 5.74   $ 6.78 
13% and 14% Weighted Average Cost of

Capital for Keryx on a standalone basis and
in the pro forma combination, respectively   $ 5.09   $ 5.57 

Miscellaneous

The preparation of a financial opinion is a complex analytical process involving various determinations as to the most appropriate and relevant
methods of financial analysis and the application of those methods to the
 

106



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 119/209

Table of Contents

particular circumstances and, therefore, a financial opinion is not readily susceptible to summary description. In arriving at its opinion, MTS Securities
did not draw, in isolation, conclusions from or with regard to any factor or analysis that it considered. Rather, MTS Securities made its determination as
to fairness on the basis of its experience and professional judgment after considering the results of all of the analyses.

The MTS Opinion was one of the many factors taken into consideration by the Keryx Board in making its determination to approve the Merger
Agreement. Consequently, the analyses as described above should not be viewed as determinative of the opinion of the Keryx Board with respect to the
consideration to be received by the holders of Keryx Shares in the Merger or of whether the Keryx Board would have been willing to agree to different
consideration. The consideration to be received by the holders of Keryx Shares in the Merger was determined through arm’s-length negotiations between
Keryx and Akebia and was approved by the Keryx Board. MTS Health Partners and its affiliates provided advice to Keryx during these negotiations.
However, neither MTS Health Partners nor any of its affiliates recommended any specific amount of consideration to Keryx or the Keryx Board or that
any specific amount of consideration constituted the only appropriate consideration for the Merger.

MTS Securities has consented to the use of the MTS Opinion in this joint proxy statement/prospectus; however, MTS Securities has not assumed
any responsibility for the form or content of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, other than the MTS Opinion itself.

MTS Health Partners and its affiliates, as part of their investment banking services, are regularly engaged in the valuation of businesses (including
those in the healthcare industry) and securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions, and for other purposes. As noted above, MTS Health
Partners acted as a financial advisor to Keryx in connection with the Merger and participated in certain of the negotiations leading to the Merger
Agreement. Keryx selected MTS Health Partners as its financial advisor because of, among other things, its knowledge of the life sciences industry, the
familiarity of several members of Keryx senior management and the Keryx Board with MTS Health Partners and its experience with merger and sale
transactions. Pursuant to an engagement letter agreement, dated as of May 18, 2018, between Keryx and MTS Health Partners, Keryx engaged MTS
Health Partners to act as a financial advisor in connection with Keryx’s consideration, evaluation and/or exploration of certain potential mergers and
acquisitions transactions or similar transactions. As permitted by the terms of the engagement letter and pursuant to MTS Health Partners’ internal
policies, MTS Securities rather than MTS Health Partners delivered the fairness opinion. As compensation for MTS Health Partners and its affiliates’
financial advisory services, Keryx paid a fee of $500,000 to MTS Securities for rendering the MTS Opinion in connection with the Keryx Board’s
consideration of the proposed transaction with Akebia, which fee was not contingent upon the successful completion of the Merger or the conclusion
reached within the MTS Opinion. Upon consummation of the Merger, Keryx will be obligated to pay a fee equal to approximately $5,562,500, with all
fees previously paid pursuant to the engagement letter by Keryx credited towards such amount, including the fee paid by Keryx upon delivery of the
MTS Opinion. In addition, Keryx also agreed to reimburse MTS Health Partners and its affiliates for their direct, reasonable and documented out-of-
pocket expenses incurred in connection with any of the matters contemplated in the engagement letter. Keryx also agreed to indemnify MTS Health
Partners and each of its related parties against various liabilities in connection with MTS Health Partner’s engagement. MTS Health Partners and its
affiliates may also seek to provide investment banking and/or financial advisory services to Keryx and Akebia in the future and would expect to receive
customary fees for the rendering of any such services.

During the two years preceding the date of the MTS Opinion, neither MTS Health Partners nor MTS Securities has been engaged by, performed
services for, or received any compensation from, Keryx (other than the engagements and any amounts that were paid under the engagement letter
described in this joint proxy statement/prospectus). During the two years preceding the date of the MTS Opinion, MTS Health Partners has provided
certain investment banking and financial advisory services to Akebia and has received aggregate fees in connection with such services of $100,000. In
particular, MTS Health Partners was retained for a financial advisory assignment by Akebia in March 2016, for which it received a retainer payment of
$100,000 in the aggregate, and such assignment ended in 2016.
 

107



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 120/209

Table of Contents

Certain Akebia Management Unaudited Prospective Financial Information

Akebia does not as a matter of course publicly disclose financial projections or forecasts as to future performance, revenues, earnings or other
results given, among other things, the unpredictability, uncertainty and subjectivity of the underlying assumptions and estimates inherent in preparing
financial projections and forecasts. As a result, Akebia does not endorse unaudited prospective financial information as a reliable indication of future
results. Moreover, Akebia’s internally prepared unaudited financial projections presented below were based on estimates, assumptions and judgments
made by Akebia management at the respective times of their preparation and speak only as of such times. Except as required by law, Akebia has no
obligation to update the unaudited financial projections included in this section. It has not done so and does not intend to do so.

The unaudited financial projections concerning each of Akebia and Keryx on a standalone basis, without giving effect to the Merger, and also of
the combined company on a pro forma basis set forth in this section were prepared by Akebia management and made available, except as otherwise
described below, to the Akebia Board in its review and evaluation of the Merger and to Akebia’s financial advisors (see “—Opinion of Akebia’s
Financial Advisor – Evercore Group L.L.C.” and “—Opinion of Akebia’s Financial Advisor – J.P. Morgan Securities LLC” beginning on pages 112 and
118, respectively, of this joint proxy statement/prospectus). These unaudited financial projections are not being included in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus to influence the voting decision of any Akebia shareholder or Keryx shareholder with respect to the Merger, but instead because
these unaudited financial projections, in whole or in part, were provided, or formed the basis of what was provided, to the Akebia Board, Keryx and
Akebia’s financial advisors in connection with their evaluation of Merger as described herein.

You should note that the unaudited financial projections set forth below constitute forward-looking statements. Please see the section entitled
“Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” beginning on page 51 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus for more information.
You should also note that the unaudited financial projections were not prepared with a view toward public disclosure or with a view toward complying
with GAAP, the published guidelines of the SEC or the guidelines established by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants for preparation
and presentation of prospective financial information. The information was prepared utilizing Akebia’s historical internal forecast approach and does not
give effect to the adoption of any new accounting pronouncements. The unaudited prospective financial information included in this section has been
prepared by, and is the responsibility of, Akebia management. Neither Akebia’s nor Keryx’s respective independent registered public accountants, nor
any other independent accountants or financial advisors, have compiled or performed any procedures with respect to the unaudited financial projections
set forth below, nor have they expressed any opinion, judgment or any other form of assurance on such information or its achievability, and none of
them assumes any responsibility for, and each disclaims any association with, the unaudited financial projections. The Ernst & Young report
incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus relates to Akebia’s historical financial information. It does not extend to the unaudited
prospective financial information and should not be read to do so. Furthermore, the unaudited prospective financial information does not take into
account any circumstances or events occurring after the date it was prepared.

The unaudited financial projections set forth below should not be relied upon as necessarily indicative of actual future results, and readers of this
joint proxy statement/prospectus are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such unaudited financial projections. Furthermore, since the unaudited
financial projections cover multiple years, such information by its nature becomes less predictive with each successive year. Although the unaudited
financial projections are presented with numerical specificity, the unaudited financial projections reflect assumptions, estimates and judgments that are
inherently uncertain and, although considered reasonable by Akebia management as of the date of their use in preparing the unaudited financial
projections, are subject to significant business, economic and competitive risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from
those contained in the unaudited financial projections set forth below, including, among others, risks and uncertainties due to general business,
economic, regulatory, market and financial conditions, as well as
 

108



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 121/209

Table of Contents

changes in Akebia’s or Keryx’s respective businesses, financial condition or results of operations, and other risks and uncertainties described under the
headings “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” beginning on pages 39 and 51. Accordingly, the
unaudited financial projections set forth below may not necessarily be indicative of the actual future performance of Akebia, or Akebia after
consummation of the Merger, and actual results may differ materially from those presented. Inclusion of the unaudited financial projections set forth
below should not be regarded as a representation by Akebia or any person that the results projected will necessarily be achieved, and they should not be
relied on as such. You are cautioned not to rely on the unaudited prospective financial information or the pro forma combination analysis. The inclusion
of this information should not be regarded as an indication that the Keryx Board, the Akebia Board, any of their advisors or any other person considered,
or now considers, it to be material or to be a reliable prediction of actual future results. There can be no assurance that the unaudited financial
projections will be realized or that actual results will not be significantly higher or lower than estimated. Furthermore, the unaudited financial
projections set forth below may differ from publicized analyst estimates and forecasts and do not take into account any circumstances or events
occurring after the date they were prepared.

Akebia Management Akebia Projections

In connection with Akebia’s consideration of the Merger, Akebia management prepared projections regarding Akebia on a standalone basis set
forth below under the headings, “Non-Risk Adjusted Akebia Global Product Sales Projections” and “Risk-Adjusted Akebia Management Akebia
Projections” (together, the “Akebia Management Akebia Projections”).

The global product sales shown in the table below represent unaudited non-risk adjusted projections of global product revenue from Akebia’s
product candidate, vadadustat, for calendar years ending 2020 through 2033 (the “Non-Risk Adjusted Akebia Global Product Sales Projections”), were
not presented to the Akebia Board, Evercore or J.P. Morgan and were not shared with Keryx or MTS Health Partners or used in their respective financial
analyses. They are provided here solely for informational purposes. The Non-Risk Adjusted Akebia Global Product Sales Projections did not include
any adjustment for risks or probability of success of Akebia’s product candidate, vadadustat, or the financial implications of Akebia’s collaborations and
other relationships with third parties.

Non-Risk Adjusted Akebia Global Product Sales Projections
(Standalone, Pre-Merger Basis)

($ in millions, unaudited)
 
   2020    2021    2022    2023    2024    2025    2026  
Global Product Sales    2.5    217.9    767.6    1,482    1,968    2,271    2,457 

   2027    2028    2029    2030    2031    2032    2033  
Global Product Sales    2,594    2,715    2,835    2,959    3,089    3,228    3,376 
 

109



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 122/209

Table of Contents

The unaudited projections shown in the table below (the “Risk-Adjusted Akebia Management Akebia Projections”) were presented to the Akebia
Board during meetings held by the Akebia Board and were used by Akebia’s financial advisors in connection with their evaluation of the Merger and the
delivery of their financial analyses. The Risk-Adjusted Akebia Management Akebia Projections were created by Akebia management after taking into
account the Non-Risk Adjusted Akebia Global Product Sales Projections and a number of assumptions relating to the risks and probability of success of
Akebia’s product candidate, vadadustat, timing for clinical trial completion and commercial launch, and estimated operational costs, including research
and development, manufacturing, and general and administrative costs, and the financial implications of Akebia’s collaborations and other relationships
with third parties.

Risk-Adjusted Akebia Management Akebia Projections
(Standalone, Pre-Merger Basis)

($ in millions, unaudited)
 
   2H 2018  2019   2020   2021   2022    2023    2024    2025    2026  
Akebia Revenue   $ 94  $ 209  $ 83  $104  $150   $273   $370   $413   $448 

    
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

EBIT   $ (112)  $(158)  $(104)  $ (33)  $ 25   $134   $220   $258   $291 
    

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
    

 
    

 
    

 
    

 

Free Cash Flow   $ (112)  $(158)  $(104)  $ (36)  $ 17   $125   $205   $241   $232 
    

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
    

 
    

 
    

 
    

 

   2027   2028   2029   2030   2031    2032    2033    2034    2035  
Akebia Revenue   $ 516  $ 501  $ 527  $555  $584   $666   $589   $295   $147 

    
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

EBIT   $ 356  $ 339  $ 363  $388  $417   $510   $431   $223   $112 
    

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
    

 
    

 
    

 
    

 

Free Cash Flow   $ 261  $ 249  $ 266  $284  $306   $374   $319   $190   $ 95 
    

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
    

 
    

 
    

 
    

 

The free cash flow projections in the table above took into account an estimated balance of $225 million of NOLs of Akebia as of June 30, 2018,
which was determined after applying certain assumptions regarding taxes and losses of Akebia. In addition to the free cash flow projections in the table
above, Akebia management also analyzed a projection of free cash flow for calendar years ending 2018 through 2035 without taking into account any
NOL balances. Without taking into account the full estimated balance of NOLs, the free cash flow amount for the years 2022 through 2026 resulted as
follows: $11 million in 2022; $90 million in 2023; $156 million in 2024; $187 million in 2025; $212 million in 2026. In addition, the free cash flow
amounts described in the prior sentence excluded certain net working capital benefits in the last two years of such forecast, resulting in free cash flow
numbers of $165 million in 2034 and $83 million in 2035.

Akebia Management Keryx Projections

In addition to the Akebia Management Akebia Projections, Akebia management prepared projections of certain financial information of Keryx for
the calendar years ending 2018 through 2035, which were presented to the Akebia Board, J.P. Morgan, and Evercore (the “Akebia Management Keryx
Projections”) and are set forth in the table below. The Akebia Management Keryx Projections consisted of non-risk adjusted projections of Keryx on a
standalone basis and were created by Akebia management based on the publicly filed financial information of Keryx, certain financial information
provided to Akebia management by Keryx, and certain assumptions made by the Akebia management, including estimates of revenue growth for U.S.
sales of Auryxia and associated operational costs.
 

110



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 123/209

Table of Contents

Non-Risk Adjusted Akebia Management Keryx Projections
(Standalone, Pre-Merger Basis)

($ in millions, unaudited)
 
   2018   2019    2020    2021    2022    2023    2024    2025    2026  
Keryx Revenue   $103.1  $182.7   $286.1   $386.0   $466.5   $534.8   $483.7   $255.1   $ 134.8 
Net Income   $ (50.1)  $ 26.3   $117.1   $206.0   $282.2   $274.5   $280.1   $141.3   $ 67.6 

   2027   2028    2029    2030    2031    2032    2033    2034    2035  
Keryx Revenue   $106.3  $ 74.9   $ 63.1   $ 50.1   $ 42.3   $ 42.3   $ 42.3   $ 42.3   $ 42.3 
Net Income   $ 52.0  $ 33.6   $ 26.9   $ 19.7   $ 15.7   $ 16.9   $ 16.9   $ 16.8   $ 16.8 

In addition, Akebia management provided J.P. Morgan and Evercore the Akebia Management Keryx Projections, in order for J.P. Morgan and
Evercore to each calculate, at the direction of Akebia management, unlevered free cash flow shown in the table below for use in certain of its financial
analyses, assuming (i) the limitation of Keryx’s NOLs under a change-in-control scenario and annual usage based solely on Keryx’s standalone
forecasted annual operating profit (the “NOL Limitation Analysis” ) and (ii) Keryx’s standalone forecasted annual operating profit without taking into
account the NOL balances of Keryx (the “Analysis with No NOLs Included ”).

Keryx Free Cash Flow – NOL Limitation Analysis
(Standalone, Pre-Merger Basis)

($ in millions, unaudited)
 
   2018   2019    2020   2021    2022    2023    2024    2025    2026 
Free Cash Flow   $(96)  $2.0   $ 93   $145   $233   $325   $319   $157   $ 71 

   2027   2028    2029   2030    2031    2032    2033    2034    2035 
Free Cash Flow   $ 55  $ 38   $ 30   $ 23   $ 19   $ 21   $ 21   $ 21   $ 21 

Keryx Free Cash Flow – Analysis with No NOLs Included
(Standalone, Pre-Merger Basis)

($ in millions, unaudited)
 
   2H 2018  2019  2020   2021    2022    2023    2024    2025    2026 
Free Cash Flow   $ (39)  $ (5)  $ 63   $128   $218   $316   $315   $153   $ 67 

   2027   2028  2029   2030    2031    2032    2033    2034    2035 
Free Cash Flow   $ 51  $ 35  $ 27   $ 19   $ 16   $ 17   $ 17   $ 17   $ 17 

Akebia Management Pro Forma Projections

In addition to the Akebia Management Akebia Projections and the Akebia Management Keryx Projections, Akebia management also prepared
projections of certain unaudited pro forma financial information of Akebia, assuming the consummation of the Merger, for the calendar years ending
2018 through 2035, which were presented to the Akebia Board and shared with J.P. Morgan, and Evercore (the “Akebia Management Pro Forma
Projections”) and are set forth in the table below. The Akebia Management Pro Forma Projections assumed that the Merger had been consummated on
June 30, 2018. To estimate synergies in respect of the combined company following completion of the Merger for purposes of preparing the Akebia
Management Pro Forma Projections, Akebia management used its non-risk adjusted projections through 2035 for both companies and made certain
adjustments based on various assumptions, including general and administrative, sales force and medical affairs
 

111



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 124/209

Table of Contents

expense synergies, synergies related to capital expenditures associated with the commercial launch of vadadustat and dis-synergies associated with
limitations on both companies’ existing NOL balances. In addition, certain projections and assumptions underlying the aspects of revenue and income
attributable to the combined company’s expected products were not adjusted for risk or calculated in the same manner as the Risk-Adjusted Akebia
Management Akebia Projections.

Non-Risk Adjusted Akebia Management Pro Forma Projections
(Post-Merger Basis)

($ in millions, unaudited)
 
  2018   2019   2020   2021   2022   2023   2024   2025   2026  
Total Revenue  $ 271.6  $ 422.9  $ 409.6  $ 570.5  $ 744.9  $1,040.3  $1,169.3  $1,020.2  $ 964.4 
Net Income  $ (259.8)  $ (137.6)  $ (12.5)  $ 202.3  $ 405.3  $ 526.0  $ 615.3  $ 521.6  $ 488.8 
Free Cash Flow  $ (301.6)  $ (161.9)  $ (36.3)  $ 177.9  $ 414.5  $ 567.8  $ 650.2  $ 533.2  $ 488.7 
Cash Balance  $ 189.0  $ 27.2  $ (9.2)  $ 168.8  $ 583.3  $1,151.0  $1,801.3  $2,334.4  $2,823.1 

  2027   2028   2029   2030   2031   2032   2033   2034   2035  
Total Revenue  $1,061.7  $1,003.0  $1,039.6  $1,077.5  $1,123.8  $1,276.3  $1,133.2  $ 587.8  $ 315.0 
Net Income  $ 559.6  $ 516.3  $ 541.7  $ 568.4  $ 601.6  $ 724.6  $ 617.8  $ 330.1  $ 167.1 
Free Cash Flow  $ 559.0  $ 517.3  $ 541.6  $ 568.2  $ 601.4  $ 724.6  $ 617.8  $ 330.1  $ 167.1 
Cash Balance  $3,382.1  $3,899.4  $4,441.0  $5,009.2  $5,610.7  $6,335.3  $6,953.1  $7,283.2  $7,450.3 

The Akebia Management Akebia Projections, the Akebia Management Keryx Projections and the Akebia Management Pro Forma Projections
(together referred to as the “Akebia Management Projections”) include several non-GAAP measures, including as listed below:
 

 •  “EBIT” refers to Akebia’s gross profit less operating expenses.
 

 •  “Free Cash Flow” was calculated by taking net income and accounting for expected working capital requirements and capital expenditures.
 

 •  “Akebia Revenue” refers to Akebia’s share of U.S. net product sales plus revenue from collaboration partners.
 

 •  “Keryx Revenue” refers to U.S. net product sales plus the cash flow received from Keryx’s Auryxia sales in Japan.

The Akebia Management Projections may calculate certain non-GAAP financial measures, including EBIT, Free Cash Flow, Akebia Revenue and
Keryx Revenue, using different methodologies from other companies, and Akebia does not provide a reconciliation of the forward-looking non-GAAP
financial measures to the comparable GAAP financial measures because it is unable to reasonably predict certain items contained in the GAAP financial
measures, including non-recurring and infrequent items that are not indicative of Akebia’s ongoing operations. These items are uncertain, depend on
various factors and could have a material impact on Akebia’s GAAP results for the applicable period. Akebia encourages you to review all of its
financial statements included in the sections entitled “Selected Historical Consolidated Financial Data of Akebia,” “Selected Akebia and Keryx
Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Data” and “Comparative Historical and Unaudited Pro Forma Per Share Data” beginning on
pages 31, 34, and 36 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus in their entirety and to not rely on any single financial measure.

Opinion of Akebia’s Financial Advisor – Evercore Group L.L.C.

Akebia has retained Evercore to act as a financial advisor in connection with the Merger. The Akebia Board engaged Evercore based on
Evercore’s qualifications, experience and reputation, as well as its familiarity with
 

112



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 125/209

Table of Contents

the business and management team of Akebia. Evercore is an internationally recognized investment banking firm and is regularly engaged in the
valuation of businesses in connection with mergers and acquisitions, leveraged buyouts, competitive biddings, private placements and valuations for
corporate and other purposes. As part of this engagement, Akebia requested that Evercore evaluate the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the
Exchange Multiplier to Akebia. On June 28, 2018, Evercore delivered to the Akebia Board its oral opinion, subsequently confirmed by its delivery of a
written opinion dated as of June 28, 2018, that, as of June 28, 2018, and based upon and subject to the assumptions, procedures, factors, qualifications,
limitations and other matters set forth in Evercore’s written opinion, the Exchange Multiplier was fair, from a financial point of view, to Akebia.

The full text of Evercore’s written opinion, dated June 28, 2018, which sets forth, among other things, the assumptions made, procedures
followed, matters considered and qualifications and limitations on the scope of review undertaken by Evercore in delivering its opinion, is
attached as Annex D to this joint proxy statement/prospectus and is incorporated herein by reference in its entirety. The description of
Evercore’s written opinion set forth in this joint proxy statement/prospectus is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of such
opinion. Evercore’s opinion should not be construed as creating any fiduciary duty on Evercore’s part to any party, and such opinion is not
intended to be, and does not constitute a recommendation to the Akebia Board or to any other person in respect of the Merger, including as to
how any holder of Akebia Shares should vote or act in respect of the Merger.

You are urged to read Evercore’s opinion carefully and in its entirety. Evercore’s opinion was addressed to, and provided for the
information and benefit of, the Akebia Board, and was delivered to the Akebia Board in connection with its evaluation of the fairness, from a
financial point of view, of the Exchange Multiplier to Akebia. The opinion did not address any other aspects or implications of the Merger.

Evercore’s opinion necessarily was based upon information made available to Evercore as of June 28, 2018 and financial, economic,
monetary, market, regulatory and other conditions and circumstances as they existed and could be evaluated on such date. It is understood that
subsequent developments may have affected or may affect the opinion, and Evercore undertook no obligation, and is under no obligation, to
update, revise or reaffirm its opinion based on subsequent developments. Evercore’s opinion did not express any opinion as to the price at
which the Akebia Shares or the Keryx Shares will trade at any time.

In connection with delivering its opinion, Evercore, among other things:
 

 
•  reviewed certain publicly available business and financial information relating to Akebia and Keryx that Evercore deemed to be relevant,

including publicly available research analysts’ estimates;
 

 
•  reviewed certain non-public historical financial statements and other non-public historical financial data relating to Akebia and Keryx

prepared and furnished to Evercore by management of Akebia and Keryx, respectively;
 

 
•  reviewed certain non-public projected financial data under alternative business assumptions relating to Akebia, prepared and furnished to

Evercore by the management of Akebia, and Keryx, prepared and furnished to Evercore by the management of Akebia and Keryx;
 

 
•  discussed the past and current financial projections and current financial condition of Akebia with management of Akebia, and of Keryx

with management of Akebia and Keryx (in each case, including views on the risks and uncertainties of achieving such projections);
 

 •  reviewed the reported prices and the historical trading activity of the Akebia Shares and the Keryx Shares;
 

 •  reviewed the draft Merger Agreement, dated as of June 28, 2018, and the draft Akebia Voting Agreement, dated as of June 28, 2018; and
 

113



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 126/209

Table of Contents

 •  performed such other analyses and examinations and considered such other factors that Evercore deemed to be appropriate.

For purposes of its analysis and opinion, Evercore assumed and relied upon, without undertaking any independent verification of, the accuracy
and completeness of all of the information publicly available, and all of the information supplied or otherwise made available to, discussed with, or
reviewed by Evercore, and Evercore did not and does not assume any liability therefor. With respect to the projected financial data relating to Akebia
and Keryx prepared and furnished to Evercore by management of Akebia and Keryx, Evercore assumed that they were reasonably prepared on bases
reflecting the best currently available estimates and good faith judgments of the management of Akebia as to the future financial performance of Akebia,
and of Keryx and Akebia as to the future financial performance of Keryx. Evercore expressed no view as to any projected financial data relating to
Akebia or Keryx or the assumptions on which such data are based. Evercore did not make, nor did Evercore assume any responsibility for making, any
independent valuation or appraisal of the assets or liabilities of Akebia or Keryx, nor was Evercore furnished with any such valuations or appraisals, and
Evercore did not evaluate the solvency or fair value of Akebia or Keryx under any state, federal or foreign laws relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or
similar matters.

For purposes of rendering its opinion, Evercore assumed, in all respects material to its analysis, that the representations and warranties of each
party contained in the Merger Agreement are true and correct, that each party would perform all of the covenants and agreements required to be
performed by it under the Merger Agreement and that all conditions to the consummation of the Merger would be satisfied without material waiver or
modification thereof. Evercore further assumed that all governmental, regulatory or other consents, approvals or releases necessary for the
consummation of the Merger would be obtained without any material delay, limitation, restriction or condition that would have an adverse effect
material to Evercore’s analysis on Akebia or Keryx or the consummation of the Merger or materially reduce the benefits to Akebia or Keryx of the
Merger.

Evercore was not asked to pass upon, and expressed no opinion with respect to, any matter other than the fairness of the Exchange Multiplier,
from a financial point of view, to Akebia. Evercore did not express any view on, and its opinion did not address, the fairness of the Merger to, or any
consideration received or to be received in connection therewith by, the holders of any other securities, creditors or other constituencies of Akebia, nor
does Evercore express any view as to the fairness of the amount or nature of any compensation to be paid or payable to any of the officers, directors or
employees of Akebia, or any class of such persons, whether relative to the Exchange Multiplier or otherwise. In making its opinion, Evercore assumed
that any modification to the structure of the Merger since its opinion was rendered will not vary in any respect material to its analysis. Evercore also
assumed that neither the Merger Agreement nor the Akebia Voting Agreement would vary from the form of the draft of each such document reviewed
by Evercore in any manner material to its opinion. Evercore did not express any view on, and its opinion did not address, any other terms or other
aspects of the Merger, including, without limitation, the form or structure of the Merger, the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, or any other
agreements or arrangements entered into or contemplated in connection with the Merger. Evercore’s opinion did not address the relative merits of the
Merger as compared to other business or financial strategies that might be available to Akebia, nor did it address the underlying business decision of
Akebia to engage in the Merger. In rendering its opinion, Evercore was not authorized to solicit, and did not solicit, interest from any third party with
respect to the acquisition of any or all of the Akebia Shares or any business combination or other extraordinary transaction involving Akebia. Evercore’s
opinion did not and does not constitute a recommendation to the Akebia Board or to any other person in respect of the Merger, including as to how any
holder of Akebia Shares should vote or act in respect of the Merger. Evercore expressed no opinion as to the price at which shares of Akebia or Keryx
will trade at any time. Evercore is not a legal, regulatory, accounting or tax expert and assumed the accuracy and completeness of assessments by
Akebia and its advisors with respect to legal, regulatory, accounting and tax matters. Evercore’s opinion was only one of many factors considered by the
Akebia Board in its evaluation of the Merger, and should not be viewed as determinative of the views of the Akebia Board with respect thereto.
 

114



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 127/209

Table of Contents

Summary of Material Financial and Comparative Analyses

Set forth below is a summary of the material financial and comparative analyses performed by Evercore and reviewed with the Akebia Board in
connection with delivering Evercore’s opinion. The summary of Evercore’s financial and comparative analyses described below is not a complete
description of the analyses underlying its opinion. The preparation of a financial opinion is a complex analytical process involving various
determinations as to the most appropriate and relevant methods of financial and comparative analyses and the application of those methods to the
particular circumstances and, therefore, is not readily susceptible to summary description.

The summary of the analyses and reviews provided below includes information presented in tabular format. In order to fully understand
Evercore’s analyses and reviews, the tables must be read together with the full text of each summary. The tables alone do not constitute a
complete description of Evercore’s analyses and reviews. Considering the data in the tables below without considering the full description of the
analyses and reviews, including the methodologies and assumptions underlying the analyses and reviews, could create a misleading or
incomplete view of Evercore’s analyses and reviews.

To the extent that any of the quantitative data used in Evercore’s financial analyses or described in this summary thereof is based on market data, it
is based on market data as it existed on or before June 25, 2018, and is not necessarily indicative of current market conditions.

Keryx Analysis

Keryx Discounted Cash Flow Analysis

Evercore performed a discounted cash flow analysis of Keryx to calculate the estimated present value, as of June 30, 2018, of the standalone
unlevered, after-tax free cash flows that Keryx was projected to generate for each of the calendar years 2018 through 2035, in each case based on the
Akebia Management Keryx Projections. Where indicated below, this analysis took into account a reduction in value resulting from limitations on the
future utilization of Keryx’s NOLs, calculated as the difference between the pro forma company valuation with no NOL limitations and the value of the
pro forma company taking into account NOL limitations, as provided in the financial forecasts furnished to Evercore by Akebia management for its use
in connection with its analysis of the Merger. Evercore also calculated a terminal value for Keryx by applying a perpetuity growth rate of (20)%, based
on its professional judgment given the nature of Keryx and its business and the industries in which it operates, to the projected standalone unlevered,
after-tax free cash flows of Keryx in the terminal year. The cash flows and the terminal value were then discounted to present value using discount rates
ranging from 12.5% to 14.5%, based on an estimate of Keryx’s weighted average cost of capital, to derive a range of implied enterprise values for
Keryx. The range of implied enterprise values were then reduced by the amount of Keryx’s net debt (calculated as debt less unrestricted cash and cash
equivalents). Evercore’s analysis indicated a range of implied per share equity values for Keryx, on a standalone basis, of $5.21 to $5.67 assuming no
NOL limitations, or $4.78 to $5.23 taking into account NOL limitations, in each case as compared to the closing price per share of Keryx Shares of
$4.80 as of June 25, 2018.

Other Factors

Evercore also reviewed and considered other factors, which were not considered part of its financial analyses in connection with rendering its
advice, but were referenced for informational purposes, including, among other things, historical share prices and research analyst recommendations and
price targets.

Keryx Historical Share Price

Evercore reviewed historical trading prices of Keryx Shares during the 52-week period ending on June 25, 2018, noting that the low and high
closing prices during such period ranged from $4.01 to $8.25 for Keryx, as compared to the closing price per share of Keryx Shares of $4.80 on June 25,
2018.
 

115



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 128/209

Table of Contents

Keryx Research Analyst Recommendations and Price Targets

Evercore reviewed publicly available share price targets of research analysts’ estimates known to Evercore as of June 25, 2018, noting that the low
and high share price targets ranged from $5.00 to $9.00 for Keryx, as compared to the closing price per share of Keryx Shares of $4.80 on June 25,
2018. The price targets published by equity research analysts do not necessarily reflect current market trading prices for the Keryx Shares, and these
price targets are subject to numerous uncertainties, including the future financial performance of each company and market conditions.

Akebia Analysis

Akebia Discounted Cash Flow Analysis

Evercore performed a discounted cash flow analysis of Akebia to calculate the estimated present value, as of June 30, 2018, of the standalone
unlevered, after-tax free cash flows that Akebia was projected to generate for each of the calendar years 2018 through 2035, in each case based on the
Akebia Management Risk-Adjusted Akebia Projections. Where indicated below, this analysis took into account a reduction in value resulting from
limitations on the future utilization of Akebia’s NOLs. Evercore also calculated a terminal value for Akebia by applying a perpetuity growth rate of
(20)%, based on its professional judgment given the nature of Akebia and its business and the industries in which it operates, to the projected standalone
unlevered, after-tax free cash flows of Akebia in the terminal year. The cash flows and the terminal value were then discounted to present value using
discount rates ranging from 12.5% to 14.5%, based on an estimate of Akebia’s weighted average cost of capital, to derive a range of implied enterprise
values for Akebia. Evercore’s analysis indicated a range of implied per share equity values for Akebia, on a standalone basis, of $12.73 to $15.09
assuming no NOL limitations, or $12.00 to $14.27 taking into account NOL limitations, in each case as compared to the closing price per share of
Akebia Shares of $10.70 as of June 25, 2018.

Other Factors

Evercore also reviewed and considered other factors, which were not considered part of its financial analyses in connection with rendering its
advice, but were referenced for informational purposes, including, among other things, historical share prices and research analyst recommendations and
price targets.

Akebia Historical Share Price

Evercore reviewed historical trading prices of Akebia Shares during the 52-week period ending on June 25, 2018, noting that the low and high
closing prices during such period ranged from $9.15 to $19.67 for Akebia, as compared to the closing price per share of Akebia Shares of $10.70 on
June 25, 2018.

Akebia Research Analyst Recommendations and Price Targets

Evercore reviewed publicly available share price targets of research analysts’ estimates known to Evercore as of June 25, 2018, noting that the low
and high share price targets ranged from $17.00 to $30.00 for Akebia, as compared to the closing price per share of Akebia Shares of $10.70 on June 25,
2018. The price targets published by equity research analysts do not necessarily reflect current market trading prices for the Akebia Shares, and these
price targets are subject to numerous uncertainties, including the future financial performance of each company and market conditions.

Valuation Analysis

Implied Exchange Ratio Analysis

Evercore compared the results from the “Akebia Discounted Cash Flow Analysis” and “Keryx Discounted Cash Flow Analysis” sections above to
determine a range of implied exchange ratios. Specifically, Evercore
 

116



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 129/209

Table of Contents

compared (i) the highest equity value per share for Akebia to the lowest equity value per share for Keryx, and (ii) the lowest equity value per share for
Akebia to the highest equity value per share for Keryx, to derive the range of exchange ratios implied by the discounted cash flow analyses. This
analysis assumed a valuation date of June 30, 2018 and no synergies. The analysis indicated a range of implied exchange ratios of 0.34493 to 0.44536
assuming no NOL limitations, or 0.33520 to 0.43637 taking into account NOL limitations, as compared to the Exchange Multiplier of 0.37433.

Other Information

Evercore also reviewed and considered other factors, which were not considered part of its financial analyses in connection with rendering its
advice, but were referenced for informational purposes, including, among other things, historical exchange ratio analysis.

Historical Exchange Ratio Analysis

Evercore compared the results from the “Akebia Historical Share Price” and “Keryx Historical Share Price” sections above to determine a range
of implied exchange ratios. Specifically, Evercore compared (i) the highest trading price per share for Akebia to the lowest trading price per share for
Keryx, and (ii) the lowest trading price per share for Akebia to the highest trading price per share for Keryx, to derive the range of exchange ratios
implied by the historical share price analyses. This analysis assumed a valuation date of June 25, 2018. The analysis indicated a range of implied
exchange ratios of 0.20386 to 0.90164, as compared to the Exchange Multiplier of 0.37433.

Value Creation Analysis

Evercore conducted an illustrative value creation analysis of the theoretical value creation to the existing holders of Akebia Shares. Evercore
compared the implied equity value per share of Akebia Shares derived from the discounted cash flow analysis on a standalone basis to the pro forma
combined company equity value per share. The pro forma combined company equity value was equal to (1) the sum of (i) the mid-point intrinsic equity
value of Akebia Shares as of June 30, 2018, assuming a 13.5% discount rate and a (20)% perpetual growth rate applying the methods described in the
Akebia Discounted Cash Flow Analysis section above, plus (ii) the mid-point intrinsic equity value of Keryx Shares as of June 30, 2018, assuming a
13.5% discount rate and a (20)% perpetual growth rate applying the methods described in the Keryx Discounted Cash Flow Analysis section above,
minus (iii) the reduction of value resulting from the NOL limitations, calculated as the difference between the present value of the pro forma limited
NOLs and the present value of standalone Akebia and Keryx unaffected NOLs, plus (iv) the present value of cost synergies calculated by discounting
Akebia management’s estimates of annual cost synergies and costs to achieve such synergies at a rate of 13.5%, plus (v) the present value of risk-
adjusted revenue synergies calculated by discounting Akebia management’s estimates of annual synergies at a rate of 13.5%, divided by (2) the pro
forma diluted number of shares outstanding based on the Exchange Multiplier of 0.37433. This analysis indicated value accretion to holders of Akebia
Shares of 10.8%.

Miscellaneous

In arriving at its opinion, Evercore did not draw, in isolation, conclusions from or with regard to any factor or analysis considered by it. Rather,
Evercore made its determination as to fairness on the basis of its experience and professional judgment after considering the results of all of the
analyses. The order of the analyses and reviews described in the summary above and the results thereof do not represent the relative importance or
weight given to these analyses and reviews by Evercore. Considering selected portions of the analyses and reviews in the summary set forth above,
without considering the analyses and reviews as a whole, could create an incomplete or misleading view of the analyses and reviews underlying
Evercore’s opinion. Evercore may have considered various assumptions more or less probable than other assumptions, so the range of valuations and
implied exchange ratios resulting from any particular analysis should therefore not be taken to represent
 

117



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 130/209

Table of Contents

Evercore’s view of the value of Akebia on a standalone basis, Keryx on a standalone basis, or Akebia and Keryx on a combined basis.

For purposes of its analyses and reviews, Evercore considered industry performance; general business, economic, market, and financial
conditions; and other matters, many of which are beyond the control of Akebia, Keryx and their advisors. No company or business used in Evercore’s
analyses and reviews as a comparison is identical to Akebia or Keryx, and an evaluation of the results of those analyses and reviews is not entirely
mathematical. Rather, the analyses and reviews involve complex considerations and judgments concerning financial and operating characteristics and
other factors that could affect the acquisition, public trading or other values of the companies or businesses used in Evercore’s analyses and reviews. The
estimates contained in Evercore’s analyses and reviews and the ranges of valuations resulting from any particular analysis or review are not necessarily
indicative of actual values or predictive of future results or values, which may be significantly more or less favorable than those suggested by Evercore’s
analyses and reviews. In addition, analyses and reviews relating to the value of companies, businesses or securities do not purport to be appraisals or to
reflect the prices at which companies, businesses or securities actually may be sold. Accordingly, the estimates used in, and the results derived from,
Evercore’s analyses and reviews are inherently subject to substantial uncertainty, and Evercore assumes no liability if future results or values are
materially different from those forecasted in such estimates.

Except as described herein, the Akebia Board imposed no other instruction or limitation on Evercore with respect to the investigations made or the
procedures followed by Evercore in rendering its opinion. Akebia and Keryx determined the amount of the Exchange Multiplier (and, consequently, the
Merger Consideration) through arms-length negotiations. Evercore provided advice to Akebia during those negotiations. However, Evercore did not
make any recommendation to the Akebia Board or Akebia management regarding (i) the amount of the Exchange Multiplier (or, consequently, the
Merger Consideration) or (ii) whether any specific amount of the Exchange Multiplier (or, consequently, the Merger Consideration) constituted the only
such appropriate amounts in the Merger. The issuance of Evercore’s opinion was approved by an opinion committee of Evercore.

Evercore is entitled to receive a success fee of $10 million if the Merger is consummated. Akebia has also agreed to reimburse certain of
Evercore’s expenses and to indemnify it against certain liabilities arising out of our engagement. During the two-year period prior to the date hereof, no
material relationship existed between Evercore and its affiliates and Keryx pursuant to which compensation was received by Evercore or its affiliates as
a result of such a relationship. Evercore may provide financial or other services to Akebia or Keryx in the future and in connection with any such
services Evercore may receive compensation.

In the ordinary course of business, Evercore or its affiliates may actively trade the securities, or related derivative securities, or financial
instruments of Akebia, Keryx and their respective affiliates, for its own account and for the accounts of its customers and, accordingly, may at any time
hold a long or short position in such securities or instruments.

Opinion of Akebia’s Financial Advisor – J.P. Morgan Securities LLC

Pursuant to an engagement letter dated June 17, 2018, Akebia retained J.P. Morgan as a financial advisor in connection with the proposed Merger.

At the meeting of the Akebia Board on June 28, 2018, J.P. Morgan rendered its oral opinion to the Akebia Board that, as of such date and based
upon and subject to the assumptions, procedures, factors, qualifications, limitations and other matters set forth in its opinion, the Exchange Multiplier in
the proposed Merger was fair, from a financial point of view, to Akebia. J.P. Morgan has confirmed its June 28, 2018 oral opinion by delivering its
written opinion to the Akebia Board, that, as of June 28, 2018, the Exchange Multiplier in the proposed Merger was fair, from a financial point of view,
to Akebia.
 

118



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 131/209

Table of Contents

The full text of the written opinion of J.P. Morgan, which sets forth the assumptions made, matters considered and limits on the review
undertaken, is attached as Annex C to this joint proxy statement/prospectus and is incorporated herein by reference. The summary of the
opinion of J.P. Morgan set forth in this joint proxy statement/prospectus is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of such opinion.

Akebia’s shareholders are urged to read the opinion in its entirety. J.P. Morgan’s written opinion was addressed to the Akebia Board (in
its capacity as such) in connection with and for the purposes of its evaluation of the proposed Merger, was directed only to the Exchange
Multiplier in the Merger and did not address any other aspect of the Merger. J.P. Morgan expressed no opinion as to the fairness of the
Exchange Multiplier to the holders of any class of securities, creditors or other constituencies of Akebia or as to the underlying decision by
Akebia to engage in the proposed Merger.

The issuance of J.P. Morgan’s opinion was approved by a fairness committee of J.P. Morgan. The summary of the opinion of J.P. Morgan
set forth in this joint proxy statement/prospectus is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of such opinion. The opinion does not
constitute a recommendation to any shareholder of Akebia as to how such shareholder should vote with respect to the proposed Merger or any
other matter.

In arriving at its opinion, J.P. Morgan, among other things:
 

 •  reviewed drafts dated June 28, 2018 of the Merger Agreement and the Akebia Voting Agreement;
 

 
•  reviewed certain publicly available business and financial information concerning Akebia and Keryx and the industries in which they

operate;
 

 
•  reviewed certain internal financial analyses and forecasts of Akebia prepared by the management teams of Akebia and Keryx prepared by

the management teams of Akebia and Keryx, as well as the estimated amount and timing of cost savings and related expenses and synergies
expected to result from the Merger prepared by the management of Akebia (the “Synergies”); and

 

 
•  performed such other financial studies and analyses and considered such other information as J.P. Morgan deemed appropriate for the

purposes of its opinion.

In addition, J.P. Morgan held discussions with certain members of the management of Akebia and Keryx with respect to certain aspects of the
Merger, and the past and current business operations of Akebia and Keryx, the financial condition and future prospects and operations of Akebia and
Keryx, the effects of the Merger on the financial condition and future prospects of Akebia, and certain other matters J.P. Morgan believed necessary or
appropriate to its inquiry.

In giving its opinion, J.P. Morgan relied upon and assumed the accuracy and completeness of all information that was publicly available or was
furnished to or discussed with J.P. Morgan by Akebia and Keryx or otherwise reviewed by or for J.P. Morgan. J.P. Morgan did not independently verify
any such information or its accuracy or completeness and, pursuant to J.P. Morgan’s engagement letter with Akebia, J.P. Morgan did not assume any
obligation to undertake any such independent verification. J.P. Morgan did not conduct or was not provided with any valuation or appraisal of any assets
or liabilities, nor did J.P. Morgan evaluate the solvency of Akebia or Keryx under any applicable laws relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or similar
matters. In relying on financial analyses and forecasts provided to J.P. Morgan or derived therefrom, including the Synergies, J.P. Morgan assumed that
they were reasonably prepared based on assumptions reflecting the best currently available estimates and judgments by management as to the expected
future results of operations and financial condition of Akebia and Keryx to which such analyses or forecasts relate. J.P. Morgan expressed no view as to
such analyses or forecasts (including the Synergies) or the assumptions on which they were based. J.P. Morgan also assumed that the transactions
contemplated by the Merger Agreement will be consummated as described in the Merger Agreement, and that the definitive Merger Agreement would
not differ in any material respect from
 

119



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 132/209

Table of Contents

the draft thereof provided to J.P. Morgan. J.P. Morgan also assumed that the representations and warranties made by Akebia and Keryx in the Merger
Agreement and the related agreements were and will be true and correct in all respects material to its analysis. J.P. Morgan is not a legal, regulatory or
tax expert and relied on the assessments made by advisors to Akebia with respect to such issues. J.P. Morgan further assumed that all material
governmental, regulatory or other consents and approvals necessary for the consummation of the Merger will be obtained without any adverse effect on
Akebia or Keryx or on the contemplated benefits of the Merger.

J.P. Morgan’s opinion was necessarily based on economic, market and other conditions as in effect on, and the information made available to J.P.
Morgan as of, the date of such opinion. J.P. Morgan’s opinion noted that subsequent developments may affect J.P. Morgan’s opinion, and that J.P.
Morgan does not have any obligation to update, revise, or reaffirm such opinion. J.P. Morgan’s opinion is limited to the fairness, from a financial point
of view, to Akebia of the Exchange Multiplier in the proposed Merger, and J.P. Morgan has expressed no opinion as to the fairness of the Exchange
Multiplier to the holders of any class of securities, creditors or other constituencies of Akebia or the underlying decision by Akebia to engage in the
Merger. Furthermore, J.P. Morgan expressed no opinion with respect to the amount or nature of any compensation to any officers, directors, or
employees of any party to the proposed Merger, or any class of such persons relative to the Exchange Multiplier in the proposed Merger or with respect
to the fairness of any such compensation. J.P. Morgan expressed no opinion as to the price at which the Akebia Shares or Keryx Shares will trade at any
future time.

The terms of the Merger Agreement, including the Exchange Multiplier, were determined through arm’s length negotiations between Akebia and
Keryx, and the decision to enter into the Merger Agreement was solely that of the Akebia Board and Keryx Board. J.P. Morgan’s opinion and financial
analyses were only one of the many factors considered by the Akebia Board in its evaluation of the proposed Merger and should not be viewed as
determinative of the views of the Akebia Board or Akebia management with respect to the proposed Merger or the Exchange Multiplier.

In accordance with customary investment banking practice, J.P. Morgan employed generally accepted valuation methodology in rendering its
opinion to the Akebia Board on June 28, 2018 and contained in the presentation delivered to the Akebia Board on such date in connection with the
rendering of such opinion and does not purport to be a complete description of the analyses or data presented by J.P. Morgan. Considering the data set
forth below without considering the full narrative description of the financial analyses, including the methodologies and assumptions underlying the
analyses, could create a misleading or incomplete view of J.P. Morgan’s analyses.

Akebia Analysis

Akebia Discounted Cash Flow Analysis

J.P. Morgan conducted a discounted cash flow analysis for the purpose of determining an implied fully diluted equity value per share for the
Akebia Shares. A discounted cash flow analysis is a method of evaluating an asset using estimates of the future unlevered free cash flows generated by
the asset and taking into consideration the time value of money with respect to those future cash flows by calculating their “present value.” The
“unlevered free cash flows” refers to a calculation of the future cash flows of an asset without including in such calculation any debt servicing costs.
Specifically, unlevered free cash flow represents tax-affected EBIT (including stock-based compensation expenses), adjusted for, as applicable,
depreciation and amortization, capital expenditures, and changes in net working capital. As used in this section, “present value” refers to the current
value of the future cash flows generated by the asset, and is obtained by discounting those cash flows back to the present using an appropriate discount
rate. J.P. Morgan’s discounted cash flow analysis treated stock based compensation as a cash expense. As used in this section, “terminal value” refers to
the capitalized value of all cash flows generated from an asset for periods beyond the projections period.

J.P. Morgan calculated the unlevered free cash flows that Akebia is expected to generate during the remainder of 2018 and calendar years 2019
through 2035 (applying a valuation date as of June 30, 2018), as
 

120



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 133/209

Table of Contents

provided in the financial forecasts prepared by Akebia management and furnished to J.P. Morgan for its use in connection with its analysis of the
Merger. J.P. Morgan also calculated a range of terminal values for Akebia at December 31, 2035 by applying perpetual growth rates ranging from (25)%
to (15)% to the unlevered free cash flows of Akebia for calendar year 2035. The unlevered free cash flows and the range of terminal values were then
discounted to present values using a discount rate range of 12% to 16%, which were chosen by J.P. Morgan based upon an analysis of the weighted
average cost of capital of Akebia. The present value of the unlevered free cash flows and the range of terminal values were then adjusted for an
estimated net cash balance as of June 30, 2018 to indicate a range of implied fully diluted equity values per share for Akebia Shares.

Based on the foregoing, this analysis indicated a range of implied equity values per share for the Akebia Shares, rounded to the nearest $0.05, of
$11.25 to $15.90, as compared to the closing price per share of Akebia Shares of $10.75 on June 22, 2018.

Other Information

Akebia Historical Trading Range

J.P. Morgan reviewed the trading prices for the Akebia Shares for the 52-week period ending June 22, 2018, which ranged from $9.15 per share to
$19.67 per share, as compared to the closing price per share of Akebia Shares of $10.75 on June 22, 2018. J.P. Morgan noted that historical trading range
analyses were presented merely for reference purposes only, and were not relied upon for valuation purposes.

Akebia Analyst Price Targets

J.P. Morgan reviewed certain publicly available equity research analyst share price targets for the Akebia Shares and noted that the range of such
price targets was $17.00 per share to $30.00 per share, as compared to the closing price per share of Akebia Shares of $10.75 on June 22, 2018. J.P.
Morgan noted that the analyst price targets were presented merely for reference purposes only, and were not relied upon for valuation purposes.

Keryx Analysis

Keryx Discounted Cash Flow Analysis

J.P. Morgan conducted a discounted cash flow analysis for the purpose of determining the fully diluted equity value per share of Keryx Shares
using the Akebia Management Keryx Projections.

J.P. Morgan calculated the unlevered free cash flows that Keryx is expected to generate during the remainder of 2018 and calendar years 2019
through 2035 (applying a valuation date as of June 30, 2018), as provided in the financial forecasts prepared by Akebia management and furnished to
J.P. Morgan for its use in connection with its analysis of the Merger. This analysis assumed a reduction in value resulting from limitations on the future
utilization of Keryx’s NOLs, in the NOL Limitation Analysis as provided to J.P. Morgan by Akebia management for its use in connection with its
analysis of the Merger and further described in “—Certain Akebia Management Unaudited Prospective Financial Information—Akebia Management
Keryx Projections” beginning on page 108 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus. J.P. Morgan also calculated a range of terminal values for Keryx at
December 31, 2035 by applying perpetual growth rates ranging from (25)% to (15)% to the unlevered free cash flows of Keryx for calendar year 2035.
The unlevered free cash flows (after taking into account the NOL limitations) and the range of terminal values were then discounted to present values
using a discount rate range of 12% to 16% which were chosen by J.P. Morgan based upon an analysis of the weighted average cost of capital of Keryx.
The present value of the unlevered free cash flows and the range of terminal values were then adjusted for an estimated net cash balance as of June 30,
2018 to indicate a range of implied equity values for Keryx.

Based on the foregoing, this analysis indicated a range of implied equity values per share for Keryx Shares, rounded to the nearest $0.05, of $4.45
to $5.35, or, if 100% of the pro forma Synergies are taken into account up to $6.85, in each case as compared to the closing price per share of Keryx
Shares as of June 22, 2018 of $4.63.
 

121



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 134/209

Table of Contents

Public Trading Multiples

Using publicly available information, J.P. Morgan compared selected financial data of Keryx with similar data for selected publicly traded
companies engaged in businesses which J.P. Morgan judged to be analogous to the business of Keryx. The companies selected by J.P. Morgan were as
follows:

Sarepta Therapeutics Inc.
Fibrogen Inc.
Ironwood Pharmaceuticals Inc.
Intercept Pharmaceuticals Inc.
Corcept Therapeutics Inc.
Lexicon Pharmaceuticals Inc.
La Jolla Pharmaceutical Co.
AMAG Pharmaceuticals Inc.
Rockwell Medical Inc.
Ardelyx Inc.

These companies were selected, among other reasons, because they are publicly traded companies with operations and businesses that, for
purposes of J.P. Morgan’s analyses, were, in J.P. Morgan’s judgment, considered sufficiently similar to that of Keryx based on business sector
participation, financial metrics, form of operations, and stage of commercialization. None of the selected companies reviewed is identical to Keryx and
certain of these companies may have characteristics that are materially different from that of Keryx. The analyses necessarily involve complex
considerations and judgments concerning differences in financial and operational characteristics of the companies involved and other factors that could
affect the companies differently than would affect Keryx. With respect to the selected companies, the information J.P. Morgan presented included the
multiple of firm value (calculated as equity value plus, or minus, as applicable, net debt or net cash), referred to in this section as “FV,” to estimates of
calendar year 2019 net revenues for the applicable company, referred to in this section as “FV/2019E Revenue.” Financial data for the selected
companies was based on the selected companies’ filings with the SEC and publicly available analyst consensus estimates for calendar year 2019 that J.P.
Morgan obtained from FactSet Research Systems. Results of this analysis were presented for the selected companies, as indicated in the following table:
 

Company   
FV/2019E
Revenue

Sarepta Therapeutics Inc.   23.0x
Fibrogen Inc.   16.6x
Ironwood Pharmaceuticals Inc.   8.2x
Intercept Pharmaceuticals Inc.   9.2x
Corcept Therapeutics Inc.   4.9x
Lexicon Pharmaceuticals Inc.   7.1x
La Jolla Pharmaceutical Co.   4.8x
AMAG Pharmaceuticals Inc.   1.8x
Rockwell Medical Inc.   NA
Ardelyx Inc.   2.8x

Based on the above analysis and on other factors J.P. Morgan considered appropriate, J.P. Morgan selected a FV/2019E Revenue reference range
for Keryx of 1.8x to 9.2x. J.P. Morgan then applied that range to Akebia management’s forecasts of Keryx’s 2019 revenue and derived implied per share
price ranges for Keryx Shares. The analysis indicated a range of implied equity values per share for Keryx Shares, rounded to the nearest $0.05, of $2.45
to $10.75, as compared to the closing price per share of Keryx Shares as of June 22, 2018 of $4.90.
 

122



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 135/209

Table of Contents

Other Information

Keryx Historical Trading Range

J.P. Morgan reviewed the trading range for the Keryx Shares for the 52-week period ending June 22, 2018, which was $4.01 per share to $8.25 per
share, as compared to the closing price per share of Keryx Shares of $4.90 on June 22, 2018. J.P. Morgan noted that historical trading range analyses
were presented merely for reference purposes only, and were not relied upon for valuation purposes.

Keryx Analyst Price Targets

J.P. Morgan reviewed certain publicly available equity research analyst share price targets for the Keryx Shares and noted that the range of such
price targets was $5.00 per share to $9.00 per share, as compared to the closing price per share of Keryx Shares of $4.90 on June 22, 2018. J.P. Morgan
noted that the analyst price targets were presented merely for reference purposes only, and were not relied upon for valuation purposes.

Relative Valuation Analysis

Discounted Cash Flow Analysis

J.P. Morgan compared the results for Akebia to the results for Keryx with respect to the Discounted Cash Flow Analysis sections described above
to determine a range of implied exchange ratios. Specifically, J.P. Morgan compared (i) the highest equity value per share for Akebia to the lowest
equity value per share for Keryx, and (ii) the lowest equity value per share for Akebia to the highest equity value per share for Keryx, to derive the range
of exchange ratios implied by the discounted cash flow analyses. This analysis includes the effects of NOL limitations and assumes no Synergies. The
analysis resulted in a range of implied exchange ratios of 0.28214 to 0.47970, or, if 100% of the pro forma Synergies are taken into account, up to
0.61386, in each case as compared to the Exchange Multiplier of 0.37433 provided for in the Merger Agreement.

Other Information

J.P. Morgan noted that historical stock trading and analyst price targets analyses are not valuation methodologies but were presented merely for
informational purposes.

Implied Historical Exchange Ratio

J.P. Morgan divided the Keryx Share price per share by the Akebia Share price per share for the 52-week period ending June 22, 2018 to
determine a range of implied exchange ratios for the transaction, which was 0.90164 per share to 0.20386 per share, as compared to the Exchange
Multiplier of 0.37433 per share provided for in the Merger Agreement.

Analyst Price Targets

J.P. Morgan also reviewed certain publicly available equity research analyst exchange ratio targets and noted that the range of such exchange ratio
targets was 0.16667 per share to 0.52941 per share, as compared to the Exchange Multiplier of 0.37433 per share provided for in the Merger Agreement.

Illustrative Value Creation Analysis

Based on Market Value

For reference only and not as a component of its fairness analysis, J.P. Morgan conducted an illustrative value creation analysis that compared the
closing market value of Akebia Shares on June 22, 2018 to the pro forma combined company equity value following the Merger. J.P. Morgan
determined the pro forma combined
 

123



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 136/209

Table of Contents

company equity value by calculating the sum of: (i) the public market equity value of Akebia as of June 22, 2018, (ii) the public market equity value of
Keryx as of June 22, 2018, (iii) the present value of the Synergies calculated by discounting Akebia management’s estimates of annual Synergies and
costs to achieve such Synergies using a discount rate of 14% and a perpetuity growth rate of (20)%, and (iv) the reduction in value resulting from
limitations on the future utilization of both Akebia’s and Keryx’s NOLs assuming a valuation date of June 30, 2018. The analysis indicated that the
illustrative market-based value creation at the Exchange Multiplier of 0.37433 provided for in the Merger Agreement yielded value accretion to holders
of Akebia Shares of $140 million. There can be no assurance, however, that the Synergies, estimated costs to achieve such Synergies, or estimated NOL
utilization will not be substantially greater or less than Akebia management’s estimates.

Based on Discounted Cash Flow
 

J.P. Morgan conducted an illustrative value creation analysis that compared the implied equity value of Akebia Shares derived from a discounted
cash flow valuation on a standalone basis to the pro forma combined company implied equity value. J.P. Morgan determined the pro forma combined
company equity value per share by calculating the sum of: (i) the implied equity value of Akebia using the midpoint value determined in J.P. Morgan’s
discounted cash flow analysis described above in the “Akebia Analysis – Discounted Cash Flow Analysis” section, (ii) the implied equity value of Keryx
using the midpoint value determined in J.P. Morgan’s discounted cash flow analysis described above in the “Keryx Analysis – Discounted Cash Flow
Analysis” section excluding the assumed reduction in value resulting from limitations on the future utilization of Keryx’s NOLs, (iii) the present value of
the Synergies calculated using the methodology and assumptions described in the “Illustrative Value Creation Analysis – Based on Market Value”
section above, and (iv) the reduction in value resulting from limitations on the future utilization of both Akebia’s and Keryx’s NOLs assuming a
valuation date of June 30, 2018. The analysis indicated that the illustrative value creation at the Exchange Multiplier of 0.37433 provided for in the
Merger Agreement yielded value accretion to holders of Akebia Shares of $105 million. There can be no assurance, however, that the Synergies,
estimated costs to achieve such Synergies or estimated NOL utilization will not be substantially greater or less than Akebia management’s estimates.

Miscellaneous

The foregoing summary of certain material financial analyses does not purport to be a complete description of the analyses or data presented by
J.P. Morgan. The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process and is not necessarily susceptible to partial analysis or summary description. J.P.
Morgan believes that the foregoing summary and its analyses must be considered as a whole and that selecting portions of the foregoing summary and
these analyses, without considering all of its analyses as a whole, could create an incomplete view of the processes underlying the analyses and its
opinion. As a result, the ranges of valuations resulting from any particular analysis or combination of analyses described above were merely utilized to
create points of reference for analytical purposes and should not be taken to be the view of J.P. Morgan with respect to the actual value of Akebia or
Keryx. The order of analyses described does not represent the relative importance or weight given to those analyses by J.P. Morgan. In arriving at its
opinion, J.P. Morgan did not attribute any particular weight to any analyses or factors considered by it and did not form an opinion as to whether any
individual analysis or factor (positive or negative), considered in isolation, supported or failed to support its opinion. Rather, J.P. Morgan considered the
totality of the factors and analyses performed in determining its opinion.

Analyses based upon forecasts of future results are inherently uncertain, as they are subject to numerous factors or events beyond the control of
the parties and their advisors. Accordingly, forecasts and analyses used or made by J.P. Morgan are not necessarily indicative of actual future results,
which may be significantly more or less favorable than suggested by those analyses. Moreover, J.P. Morgan’s analyses are not and do not purport to be
appraisals or otherwise reflective of the prices at which businesses actually could be acquired or sold. None of the selected companies reviewed as
described in the above summary is identical to Akebia or Keryx. However,
 

124



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 137/209

Table of Contents

the companies selected were chosen because they are publicly traded companies with operations and businesses that, for purposes of J.P. Morgan’s
analysis, may be considered similar to those of Akebia and Keryx. The analyses necessarily involve complex considerations and judgments concerning
differences in financial and operational characteristics of the companies involved and other factors that could affect the companies compared to Akebia
and Keryx.

As a part of its investment banking business, J.P. Morgan and its affiliates are continually engaged in the valuation of businesses and their
securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions, investments for passive and control purposes, negotiated underwritings, secondary distributions
of listed and unlisted securities, private placements, and valuations for corporate and other purposes. J.P. Morgan was selected to advise Akebia with
respect to the Merger on the basis of, among other things, such experience and its qualifications and reputation in connection with such matters and its
familiarity with Akebia, Keryx and the industries in which they operate.

Akebia has agreed to pay J.P. Morgan a total transaction fee equal to $6 million, including $2.5 million which Akebia paid to J.P. Morgan in
connection with delivery by J.P. Morgan of its opinion, and the remainder of which is contingent upon the consummation of the Merger. J.P. Morgan
may also receive a fee from Akebia in the event that Akebia receives a break-up fee in connection with the termination or abandonment of the Merger,
or failure of the Merger to occur. In addition, Akebia has agreed to reimburse J.P. Morgan for certain of its expenses incurred in connection with its
services, including the fees and disbursements of counsel, and will indemnify J.P. Morgan against certain liabilities arising out of J.P. Morgan’s
engagement.

During the two years preceding the date of J.P. Morgan’s opinion, neither J.P. Morgan nor its affiliates have had material commercial or
investment banking relationships with Akebia or Keryx. In addition, J.P. Morgan and its affiliates hold, on a proprietary basis, less than 1% of the
outstanding common stock of each of Akebia and Keryx. In the ordinary course of their businesses, J.P. Morgan and its affiliates may actively trade the
debt and equity securities of Akebia or Keryx for their own accounts or for the accounts of customers and, accordingly, they may at any time hold long
or short positions in such securities.

The Combined Company Board and Management After the Merger

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, following the consummation of the Merger, the Combined Board will consist of (i) Mr. Butler, Mr. Canute,
Ms. Smith, and another individual to be designated by the Akebia Board, who will be a director of the Akebia Board prior to the Effective Time and
reasonably acceptable to Keryx, who will be the Continuing Directors; (ii) Mr. Enyedy, Dr. Gilman, Mr. Heffernan, Ms. Morrison, and Mr. Rogers, who
will be the Keryx Board Designees; and (iii) the Additional Director, who will be designated by the Akebia Board and the Keryx Board prior to the
Effective Time, who will serve as the Chairperson of the Combined Board as of the Effective Time.

As of the Effective Time, the Continuing Directors, the Keryx Board Designees, and the Additional Director will be allocated among three classes
of directors as follows:
 

 •  Class II will consist of one Continuing Director and two Keryx Board Designees and will be up for re-election in 2019;
 

 
•  Class III will consist of the Additional Director, one Continuing Director, and one Keryx Board Designee and will be up for re-election in

2020; and
 

 •  Class I will consist of two Continuing Directors and two Keryx Board Designees and will be up for re-election in 2021.

At the Effective Time, Akebia will take all necessary action to cause Mr. Butler to continue as Chief Executive Officer of the combined company.
In the event that Mr. Butler is not the Chief Executive Officer of Akebia immediately prior to the Effective Time, Akebia will select another individual
reasonably acceptable to Keryx to be appointed as Chief Executive Officer of the combined company as of the Effective Time.
 

125



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 138/209

Table of Contents

In addition to Mr. Butler, the remainder of Akebia’s current executive leadership team is expected to continue to serve in the same roles in the
combined company after the consummation of the Merger. Akebia’s current leadership team also includes: Jason A. Amello, Akebia’s Senior Vice
President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer; Michel Dahan, Akebia’s Senior Vice President, Chief Business Officer; Rita Jain, M.D., Akebia’s
Senior Vice President, Chief Medical Officer; Nicole R. Hadas, Akebia’s Senior Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary; Karen Tubridy,
Akebia’s Senior Vice President, Chief Development Officer; and Tamara Dillon, Akebia’s Senior Vice President, Human Resources.

Interests of Keryx’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger

In considering the recommendation of the Keryx Board with respect to the Keryx Proposals, Keryx shareholders should be aware that certain
members of the Keryx Board and certain executive officers of Keryx may have interests in the Merger that are different from, or are in addition to,
interests of Keryx shareholders generally. These interests include, but are not limited to:
 

 •  expected service as members of the Combined Board following consummation of the Merger;
 

 •  accelerated vesting of equity awards;
 

 •  additional cash awards under employment agreements and preexisting retention agreements;
 

 •  entitlement to severance benefits under preexisting severance arrangements; and
 

 
•  continued indemnification in favor of the current and former directors and officers of Keryx, as well as certain obligations related to

maintenance of directors’ and officers’ liability insurance.

These interests are described in more detail below and may present such officers and directors with actual or potential conflicts of interest. The
Keryx Board was aware of these potential conflicts of interests during its deliberations on the merits of the Merger, in making its decisions in approving
the Merger, the Merger Agreement, and the related transactions, and in deciding to recommend that the Keryx shareholders vote for the Keryx
Proposals. Certain potential payments to the named executive officers of Keryx are quantified in the tables in the section entitled “—Quantification of
Potential Payments to Keryx Named Executive Officers in Connection with the Merger” beginning on page 125 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

Leadership of the Combined Company

As of the Effective Time, the Combined Board will consist of ten (10) directors, including Mr. Enyedy, Dr. Gilman, Mr. Heffernan, Ms. Morrison,
and Mr. Rogers, who are current members of the Keryx Board and were reasonably acceptable to Akebia. For a more detailed discussion of the
leadership of the Combined Board and management as of the Effective Time, see the section entitled “—The Combined Company Board and
Management After the Merger” beginning on page 124 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

Treatment of Keryx Equity Awards in the Merger

Under the Merger Agreement, at the Effective Time of the Merger, (x) each Keryx Restricted Share award, to the extent then outstanding and
subject to restrictions (including vesting), other than those restrictions that accelerate or lapse as a result of the Effective Time of the Merger, will
automatically, without any action on the part of the holders thereof, be cancelled and converted, as of the Effective Time of the Merger, and thereafter
evidence Rollover Restricted Shares and (y) each Keryx Share that is the subject of a Keryx Restricted Share award, to the extent then outstanding and
whose restrictions (including vesting) accelerate or lapse as a result of the Effective Time, will automatically, without any action on the part of the
holders thereof, be treated in the same manner as other Keryx Shares in the Merger. Under the Merger Agreement, at the Effective Time of the Merger,
each Keryx Option, to the extent then outstanding and unexercised, will automatically, without any action on the part of the holders thereof, be cancelled
and converted and thereafter evidence a Rollover Option with an exercise price per Akebia Share equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the per
share exercise price of Keryx Options by (y) the Exchange Multiplier, rounded up to the nearest whole cent.
 

126



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 139/209

Table of Contents

Following the Effective Time, each Rollover Restricted Share and Rollover Option shall be subject to the same terms and conditions as had
applied to the corresponding Keryx Restricted Share award or Keryx Option as of immediately prior to the Effective Time of the Merger, except for such
terms rendered inoperative by reason of the Merger, subject to such adjustments as reasonably determined by Akebia and Keryx to be necessary or
appropriate to give effect to the conversion or the Merger, and Akebia may assume the Keryx Equity Plans.

The following table sets forth, for each of Keryx’s directors and executive officers, the number of Keryx Shares subject to unvested Keryx
Restricted Share awards and Keryx Options held by the director or executive officer as of June 30, 2018. Depending on when the Closing Date occurs,
certain equity-based awards shown in the table may vest in accordance with their terms prior to the Closing Date.
 

Name   

Vested
Stock

Options (#)   

Unvested
Stock

Options (#)    

Unvested
Restricted
Shares (#)  

Jodie Morrison    43,334    66,666    116,666 
Scott A. Holmes    322,918    604,582    86,873 
John F. Neylan, M.D.    286,251    511,249    83,123 
Christine Carberry    70,834    376,666    90,832 
Kevin J. Cameron    230,000    60,000    19,999 
Mark J. Enyedy    —      80,000    10,000 
Steven C. Gilman, Ph.D.    63,334    76,666    19,999 
Michael T. Heffernan    43,334    66,666    16,666 
Daniel P. Regan    140,000    60,000    19,999 
Michael Rogers    63,334    76,666    19,999 

Awards granted under the Keryx 2007 Incentive Plan (the “2007 Plan”), the Keryx Amended and Restated 2013 Incentive Plan (the “2013 Plan”)
and Keryx 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (the “2018 Plan”) that are assumed or otherwise equitably converted or substituted in connection with a “change
in control” (as defined in the applicable Keryx Equity Plan) are subject to double trigger acceleration, meaning that they vest upon a termination of the
holder’s employment without “cause” (as defined in the applicable Keryx Equity Plan) or, for those holders whose award certificate or employment,
consulting, severance or similar agreement permits a resignation for “good reason” (as defined in the applicable award certificate or employment,
consulting, severance or similar agreement), in each case within a specified period of time (two years under the 2007 Plan and one year under the 2013
Plan and the 2018 Plan) following a change in control. Upon such a qualifying termination, the payout level under any outstanding performance-based
awards will be determined and deemed to have been earned (i) at the target level if the date of termination occurs during the first half of the applicable
performance period and (ii) the actual level of achievement of all relevant performance goals (measured as of the end of the calendar quarter
immediately preceding the date of termination) if the date of termination occurs during the second half of the applicable performance period, and, in
either case, payments will be pro-rated based on the length of time within the performance period that has elapsed prior to the date of termination.
Awards granted under the Keryx Fourth Amended and Restated Directors Equity Compensation Plan (the “Keryx Director Equity Plan”) are subject to
single trigger acceleration and fully accelerate upon a “change in control” (as defined in such plan), regardless of whether a director will become a
director of the Combined Board. Keryx has determined that the Merger will constitute a change in control under each of the Keryx Equity Plans and the
Keryx Director Equity Plan.

To the extent not accelerated pursuant to the Keryx Equity Plans, the Keryx Director Equity Plan or employment agreements, Keryx equity awards
will become Akebia equity awards as described above. The aggregate value of Keryx equity awards, assuming a price per Keryx Share equal to $3.868
(which is equal to the average closing price of a Keryx Share on The Nasdaq Capital Market over the first five business days following June 28, 2018,
the date of the first public announcement of entering into the Merger Agreement), held by Keryx’s executive officers and directors is $2,527,275 and
$665,430, respectively.
 

127



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 140/209

Table of Contents

Employment Agreement with Jodie Morrison

On May 10, 2018, Keryx entered into an employment agreement with Jodie Morrison, which provided for her employment as Keryx’s Interim
Chief Executive Officer through October 31, 2018 (the “Morrison Employment Agreement”). Under the terms of the Morrison Employment Agreement,
Ms. Morrison is entitled to full acceleration of the Keryx Restricted Shares granted to her pursuant to the Morrison Employment Agreement upon a
“change in control” (as defined in the Morrison Employment Agreement). Keryx has determined that the Merger will constitute a change in control
under the Morrison Employment Agreement. However, such Keryx Restricted Shares will vest in full on October 31, 2018 pursuant to the terms of the
award. Ms. Morrison is not entitled to severance payments or benefits under the Morrison Employment Agreement.

On October 28, 2018, Keryx and Ms. Morrison agreed upon the key terms of an amendment to her employment agreement to extend the term of
the Morrison Employment Agreement to the earlier of the closing of the Merger or December 31, 2018 (such extension, the “Morrison Employment
Extension”). The terms of the Morrison Employment Extension provide for (i) continued payment to Ms. Morrison of her salary through the term of her
employment, (ii) conversion of the prorated bonus contemplated by the Morrison Employment Agreement to a full annualized bonus, (iii) a $150,000
cash payment to be made on October 31, 2018 in recognition of the considerable efforts undertaken by Ms. Morrison in her role as Interim Chief
Executive Officer, (iv) a $200,000 cash retention payment to be made on the earlier of December 31, 2018 and the closing of the Merger, subject to Ms.
Morrison’s continued employment with Keryx through such date, and (v) a $1,000 increase in legal and advisory fee reimbursement under the Morrison
Employment Agreement to cover her expenses in reviewing and negotiating the Morrison Employment Extension.

Employment Agreement and Retention Agreement with Scott A. Holmes

On June 26, 2015, Keryx entered into an employment agreement with Scott A. Holmes, which was amended on each of October 15, 2015 and
January 6, 2017 (as amended, the “Holmes Employment Agreement”), and on May 1, 2018, Keryx entered into a retention agreement with Mr. Holmes
(the “Holmes Retention Agreement”). Pursuant to the Holmes Employment Agreement and the Holmes Retention Agreement, in the event that
Mr. Holmes’ employment is terminated without “cause” (as defined in the Holmes Employment Agreement) or he resigns for “good reason” (as defined
in the Holmes Employment Agreement), in either case within one year following a “change in control” (as defined in the Holmes Employment
Agreement), subject to his execution and non-revocation of a general release of claims in a form satisfactory to Keryx, Mr. Holmes is entitled to
(i) 100% of his annual base salary as of the date of termination (or prior to the change in control, if higher), (ii) his target discretionary annual bonus for
which he is eligible under the Holmes Employment Agreement and (iii) an amount equal to the monthly premium (both the employer and employee
portions of the premium) under Keryx’s group health care plan as in effect on the date of termination multiplied by 12, all payable within 60 days of
termination. In addition, pursuant to the terms of the Holmes Retention Agreement, Mr. Holmes is entitled to receive a retention award in the amount of
$200,000 on March 1, 2019, subject to his continued employment with Keryx through such date; provided, however, that (a) in the event that
Mr. Holmes’ employment is terminated without cause or he resigns for good reason, Mr. Holmes is still entitled to receive the retention award on
March 1, 2019, and (b) in the event that a change in control occurs before March 1, 2019, Mr. Holmes will be entitled to receive the retention award on
the day immediately preceding the change in control. Keryx has determined that the Merger will constitute a change in control under the Holmes
Employment Agreement and the Holmes Retention Agreement.

Employment Agreement and Retention Agreement with John F. Neylan, M.D.

On April 22, 2015, Keryx entered into an employment agreement with John F. Neylan, M.D., which was amended on each of October 15, 2015
and January 6, 2017 (as amended, the “Neylan Employment Agreement”), and on May 1, 2018, Keryx entered into a retention agreement with
Dr. Neylan (the “Neylan Retention Agreement”). Pursuant to the Neylan Employment Agreement and the Neylan Retention Agreement, in the event that
Dr. Neylan’s employment is terminated without “cause” (as defined in the Neylan Employment Agreement) or
 

128



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 141/209

Table of Contents

he resigns for “good reason” (as defined in the Neylan Employment Agreement), in either case within one year following a “change in control” (as
defined in the Neylan Employment Agreement), subject to his execution and non-revocation of a general release of claims in a form satisfactory to
Keryx, Dr. Neylan is entitled to (i) 100% of his annual base salary as of the date of termination (or prior to the change in control, if higher), (ii) his target
discretionary annual bonus for which he is eligible under the Neylan Employment Agreement and (iii) an amount equal to the monthly premium (both
the employer and employee portions of the premium) under Keryx’s group health care plan as in effect on the date of termination multiplied by 12, all
payable within 60 days of termination. In addition, pursuant to the terms of the Neylan Retention Agreement, Dr. Neylan is entitled to receive a retention
award in the amount of $100,000 on March 1, 2019, subject to his continued employment with Keryx through such date; provided, however, that (a) in
the event that Dr. Neylan’s employment is terminated without cause or he resigns for good reason, Dr. Neylan is still entitled to receive the retention
award on March 1, 2019, and (b) in the event that a change in control occurs before March 1, 2019, Dr. Neylan will be entitled to receive the retention
award on the day immediately preceding the change in control. Keryx has determined that the Merger will constitute a change in control under the
Neylan Employment Agreement and the Neylan Retention Agreement.

Employment Agreement and Retention Agreement with Christine Carberry

On January 6, 2017, Keryx entered into an employment agreement with Christine Carberry (the “Carberry Employment Agreement”), and on
May 1, 2018, Keryx entered into a retention agreement with Ms. Carberry (the “Carberry Retention Agreement”). Pursuant to the Carberry Employment
Agreement and the Carberry Retention Agreement, in the event that Ms. Carberry’s employment is terminated without “cause” (as defined in the
Carberry Employment Agreement) or she resigns for “good reason” (as defined in the Carberry Employment Agreement), in either case within one year
following a “change in control” (as defined in the Carberry Employment Agreement), subject to her execution and non-revocation of a general release of
claims in a form satisfactory to Keryx, Ms. Carberry is entitled to (i) 100% of her annual base salary as of the date of termination (or prior to the change
in control, if higher), (ii) her target discretionary annual bonus for which she is eligible under the Carberry Employment Agreement, and (iii) an amount
equal to the monthly premium (both the employer and employee portions of the premium) under Keryx’s group health care plan as in effect on the date
of termination multiplied by 12, all payable within 60 days of termination. Under the terms of the Carberry Employment Agreement, Ms. Carberry is
also entitled to full acceleration of the Keryx Restricted Share award and Keryx Option award granted to her pursuant to the Carberry Employment
Agreement upon a change in control. In addition, pursuant to the terms of the Carberry Retention Agreement, Ms. Carberry is entitled to receive a
retention award in the amount of $150,000 on March 1, 2019, subject to her continued employment with Keryx through such date; provided, however,
that (a) in the event that Ms. Carberry’s employment is terminated without cause or she resigns for good reason, Ms. Carberry is still entitled to receive
the retention award on March 1, 2019, and (b) in the event that a change in control occurs before March 1, 2019, Ms. Carberry will be entitled to receive
the retention award on the day immediately preceding the change in control. Keryx has determined that the Merger will constitute a change in control
under the Carberry Employment Agreement and the Carberry Retention Agreement.

Continued Indemnification

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, for a period of no less than six years from the Effective Time, Akebia shall maintain in effect exculpation,
indemnification and advancement of expenses provisions no less favorable than those found in the organizational documents of Keryx, and shall not
amend, repeal or otherwise modify any such provisions in any manner that would adversely affect the rights thereunder of any individuals who
immediately before the Effective Time were current or former directors or officers of Keryx. See “The Merger Agreement—Indemnification Covenant”
in this joint proxy statement/prospectus for more information.

Quantification of Potential Payments to Keryx Named Executive Officers in Connection with the Merger

In accordance with Item 402(t) of Regulation S-K, the table below sets forth the estimated amounts of compensation that are based on or
otherwise relate to the Merger that may become payable to each of Keryx’s
 

129



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 142/209

Table of Contents

named executive officers, as determined for purposes of Keryx’s most recent annual proxy statement, assuming the Merger is completed as of
December 31, 2018 and, with respect to severance amounts, assuming the named executive officer’s employment is terminated without cause as of
December 31, 2018. Gregory P. Madison,
Keryx’s former Chief Executive Officer, and Brian Adams, Keryx’s former General Counsel and Secretary, were named executive officers during
Keryx’s last full fiscal year prior to the date of the Merger Agreement, but their employment with the Company ended effective April 27, 2018 and
March 12, 2018, respectively, and they are not entitled to any payments or benefits in connection with the Merger, so they are therefore not included in
the table below.

The estimated amounts below are based on multiple assumptions that may not actually occur, including assumptions described in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. In addition, certain amounts payable will vary depending on the actual date the Merger is completed and the actual date, if any, of
a qualifying termination of employment. As a result, the actual amounts, if any, to be received by a named executive officer may differ in material
respects from the amounts set forth below. The disclosures in the table below and the accompanying footnotes should be read in conjunction with the
narrative description of the compensation arrangements set forth above.

Golden Parachute Compensation
 

Name   
Cash (1)

($)    
Equity (2)

($)    

Perquisites/
Benefits (3)

($)    
Total

($)  
Jodie Morrison (4)    200,000    67,074    –      267,704 
Scott A. Holmes    746,000    260,079    22,385    1,028,464 
John F. Neylan, M.D.    711,940    260,079    22,385    994,404 
Christine Carberry    742,900    296,540    29,881    1,069,321 

 
(1) The cash amount payable to Ms. Morrison represents a $200,000 cash retention payment that will be paid on the earlier of the closing of the

Merger or December 31, 2018, subject to Ms. Morrison’s continued employment with Keryx through such date. The cash amount payable to
Mr. Holmes, Dr. Neylan and Ms. Carberry consists of (i) a cash severance payment equal to the sum of (A) 100% of the named executive officer’s
annual base salary as of the date of termination (or prior to the change in control, if higher), (B) the named executive officer’s target discretionary
annual bonus for which he or she is entitled under the applicable employment agreement and (ii) a retention bonus in the amount of $200,000 for
Mr. Holmes, $100,000 for Dr. Neylan and $150,000 for Ms. Carberry. The cash severance payment is “double trigger” and would be due upon a
termination of the named executive officer’s employment without cause or a resignation by the named executive officer for good reason, in each
case within 12 months following a change in control. The cash severance payment is subject to the execution and effectiveness of a general release
of claims in a form satisfactory to Keryx and is payable in a lump sum within 60 days of the date of termination. The retention bonuses are a
“single trigger” payments and are payable in a lump sum on the day immediately preceding a change in control. Keryx has determined that the
Merger will constitute a change in control under the applicable agreements.

(2) The amounts listed in this column represent the aggregate value of unvested Keryx Options and Keryx Restricted Share awards. The equity awards
granted to Ms. Morrison pursuant to the Keryx Director Equity Plan and the equity awards granted to Ms. Carberry pursuant to the Carberry
Employment Agreement are subject to “single trigger” acceleration pursuant to the terms of the Carberry Employment Agreement and the Keryx
Director Equity Plan, as applicable, and will be fully accelerated upon a change in control. The vesting of other equity awards held by the named
executive officers are subject to “double trigger” acceleration pursuant to the terms of the applicable stock option or restricted share agreements
and the Keryx Equity Plans and will be fully accelerated upon a termination of the named executive officer’s employment without cause or a
resignation by the named executive officer for good reason, in each case within 12 months following a change in control. Keryx has determined
that the Merger will constitute a

 
130



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 143/209

Table of Contents

 
change in control under the applicable arrangements. The amounts reported in this column were calculated based on the difference between
Keryx’s average closing market price of $3.868 over the first five business days following public announcement of the Merger and the exercise
price, if any, of the equity award.

 

    The following tables show the number of shares subject to unvested Keryx Options and Keryx Restricted Share awards and quantify the value of
the unvested Keryx Options and Keryx Restricted Share awards held by the named executive officers that would accelerate upon a qualifying
termination of employment in connection with the Merger based on the assumptions described above. Certain Keryx Options held by the named
executive officers have exercise prices that are higher than $3.868 per share and, accordingly, the value included for these Keryx Options is $0.
These numbers do not forecast any grants, additional issuances, dividends or additional deferrals of equity-based awards following the date of this
joint proxy statement/prospectus. Depending on when the Effective Time occurs and Auryxia sales performance, certain equity-based awards
shown in the table may vest or become forfeited in accordance with their terms.

 

Name   

Shares Underlying
Keryx Options that

Vest upon a Change in
Control

(#)    

Value of Keryx
Options that Vest upon

a Change in Control
($)  

Jodie Morrison    66,666    3,240 
Christine Carberry    70,832    —   

 

Name   

Shares Underlying
Keryx Options that

Vest upon
Termination Without
Cause or Resignation

for Good Reason
Within 12 Months of a

Change in Control
(#)    

Value of Keryx
Options that Vest upon
Termination Without
Cause or Resignation

for Good Reason
Within 12 Months of a

Change in Control
($)  

Scott A. Holmes    323,645    4,640 
John F. Neylan, M.D.    316,145    4,640 
Christine Carberry    252,500    –   

 

Name   

Keryx Restricted
Shares that Vest upon
a Change in Control

(#)    

Value of Keryx
Restricted Shares that
Vest upon a Change in

Control
($)  

Jodie Morrison    16,666    64,464 
Christine Carberry    35,415    136,985 

 

Name   

Keryx Restricted
Shares that Vest upon
Termination Without
Cause or Resignation

for Good Reason
Within 12 Months of a

Change in Control
(#)    

Value of Keryx
Restricted Shares that

Vest upon
Termination Without
Cause or Resignation

for Good Reason
Within 12 Months of a

Change in Control
($)  

Scott A. Holmes    66,039    255,439 
John F. Neylan, M.D.    66,039    255,439 
Christine Carberry    41,250    159,555 

 

(3) The amounts listed in this column represent the estimated value of the monthly premium (both the employer and employee portions of the
premium) under Keryx’s group health care plan as in effect on the date of termination multiplied by 12. The health care premium payment is
“double trigger” and would be due upon a termination of the named executive officer’s employment without cause or a resignation by the named
executive officer for good reason, in each case within 12 months following a change in control. Payment of

 
131



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 144/209

Table of Contents

 
such amounts is subject to the execution and effectiveness of a general release of claims in a form satisfactory to Keryx and such amounts are
payable in a lump sum within 60 days of the date of termination.

(4) Prior to the commencement of her employment with Keryx as its interim Chief Executive Officer, Ms. Morrison served on the Keryx Board and
received equity awards in respect of such service under the Keryx Director Equity Plan.

Narrative Disclosure to Golden Parachute Compensation Table

For additional information relating to the named executive officers’ employment arrangements and the treatment of Keryx equity awards held by the
named executive officers, see “––Interests of Keryx’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger” beginning on page 126 of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.

Interests of Akebia’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger

In considering the recommendation of the Akebia Board with respect to the Akebia Proposals, Akebia shareholders should be aware that certain
members of the Akebia Board and certain executive officers of Akebia may have interests in the Merger that are different from, or in addition to,
interests of Akebia’s shareholders generally. These interests include, but are not limited to:
 

 •  expected service as members of the Combined Board following consummation of the Merger;
 

 •  expected service as members of the executive leadership team of Akebia following consummation of the Merger;
 

 •  accelerated vesting of equity awards;
 

 •  entitlement to severance benefits under preexisting severance arrangements;
 

 •  entitlement to certain employee benefits; and
 

 
•  continued indemnification in favor of the current and former directors and officers of Akebia, as well as certain obligations related to the

maintenance of directors’ and officers’ liability insurance.

These interests are described in more detail below and may present such executive officers and directors with actual or potential conflicts of
interest. The Akebia Board was aware of these interests during its deliberations on the merits of the Merger and in deciding to recommend that Akebia
shareholders vote for the Akebia Proposals.

Leadership of the Combined Company

As of the Effective Time, the Combined Board will consist of ten directors, including Mr. Butler, Mr. Canute, and Ms. Smith, who are current
members of the Akebia Board and were reasonably acceptable to Keryx, and another individual to be designated by the Akebia Board, who will be a
director of the Akebia Board prior to the Effective Time and reasonably acceptable to Keryx. In addition, all of Akebia’s executive officers are expected
to continue to serve in the same positions that they currently hold after the consummation of the Merger. For a more detailed discussion of the Combined
Board and management as of the Effective Time, see the section entitled “—The Combined Company Board and Management After the Merger”
beginning on page 125 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

Treatment of Director and Executive Officer Akebia Equity Awards in the Merger

Certain of Akebia’s directors and executive officers hold outstanding Akebia RSUs and Akebia Options. Pursuant to the award agreements
governing these awards and the ESAs (as defined below), 100% of the
 

132



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 145/209

Table of Contents

outstanding and unvested Akebia RSUs and Akebia Options will become immediately vested upon a “change in control,” which is defined substantially
similarly as such term is defined in the ESAs. Akebia has determined that the Merger will constitute a change in control for the purposes of the ESAs.

Employment and Severance Agreements

Akebia previously entered into executive severance agreements (“ESAs”), with each of John P. Butler, Jason A. Amello, Michel Dahan, Rita Jain,
M.D., Nicole R. Hadas and Karen Tubridy (together, the “Akebia Executives”). Each of the Akebia Executives is eligible to receive certain payments
and benefits under his or her ESA in the event that the Akebia Executive’s employment with Akebia is terminated without “cause,” the Akebia
Executive terminates his or her employment with Akebia for “good reason” (each as defined in the ESA). All of the Akebia Executives are expected to
continue to serve in the same positions that they currently hold after the consummation of the Merger so Akebia does not expect to pay any of the
severance payments and benefits described below upon consummation of the Merger.

The ESAs also provide for accelerated vesting of outstanding and unvested equity awards upon a “change in control,” which includes the
consummation of a merger, scheme of arrangement, or consolidation of Akebia with any other corporation that has been approved by the shareholders of
Akebia, other than a merger, scheme of arrangement, or consolidation which would result in the outstanding voting securities of Akebia immediately
prior to such transaction continuing to represent more than 50% of the total voting power of the voting securities of Akebia or such surviving entity
outstanding immediately after such transaction. After consummation of the Merger, Akebia shareholders are expected to own less than 50% of the total
voting power of Akebia. As a result, Akebia has determined that the Merger will constitute a change in control for purposes of the ESAs.

Termination of Employment without Cause or for Good Reason

Under the ESAs, if the Akebia Executive’s employment is terminated by Akebia without cause or the Akebia Executive terminates his or her
employment for good reason, other than following a change in control as described below, the Akebia Executive will be entitled to receive, in addition
to any amounts earned or accrued but unpaid as of the date of termination, 12 months of base salary continuation and, provided the Akebia Executive
timely elects COBRA coverage, up to 12 months of reimbursement of a portion of the Akebia Executive’s and his or her dependents’ health and dental
COBRA premiums to the same extent as if the Akebia Executive remained employed. In addition, the Akebia Executive’s unvested equity and equity-
based awards will remain outstanding and continue to vest in accordance with their terms during the Akebia Executive’s severance period, as if he or she
had remained employed during that time.

Termination of Employment without Cause or for Good Reason Following a Change in Control

If, within 12 months following a change in control, an Akebia Executive’s employment is terminated by Akebia without cause or the Akebia
Executive terminates his or her employment for good reason, the Akebia Executive will be entitled to receive, in addition to any amounts earned or
accrued but unpaid as of the date of termination, 12 months of base salary continuation, provided the Akebia Executive timely elects COBRA coverage,
up to 12 months of reimbursement of a portion of the Akebia Executive’s and his or her dependents’ health and dental COBRA premiums to the same
extent as if the Akebia Executive remained employed, and an amount equal to 50% of the Akebia Executive’s annual target bonus for the year of
termination, prorated based on the number of months the Akebia Executive was employed prior to his or her termination.

Accelerated Vesting of Equity Upon a Change in Control

Under the ESAs, 100% of the Akebia Executive’s outstanding and unvested equity and equity-based awards will become immediately vested upon
a change in control, irrespective of whether the executive’s employment terminates in connection with the change in control.
 

133



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 146/209

Table of Contents

Conditions to the Receipt of Severance Benefits

The severance payments and benefits described above are conditioned upon each Akebia Executive’s timely execution and non-revocation of a
general release of claims in Akebia’s favor, as well as continued compliance with the restrictive covenants agreement prohibiting certain competitive
behaviors and disparagement of Akebia during employment and for one year following termination. In addition, Akebia may terminate severance
payments to any of the Akebia Executives if, within one year following a termination without cause, Akebia determines that it had the right to terminate
his or her employment for cause.

Other Termination of Employment

If an Akebia Executive’s employment is terminated for any reason other than by Akebia without cause or by the Akebia Executive for good reason
(including by reason of death or disability), the Akebia Executive will only be entitled to receive any amounts earned or accrued but unpaid as of the
date of termination in accordance with Akebia’s normal policies and practices, including any salary, bonus, or incentive compensation with respect to
the calendar year prior to the year of termination, business expenses incurred in the performance of the Akebia Executive’s duties, and vacation pay.

280G Cutback

All payments to an Akebia Executive, as applicable, under the ESA, including, without limitation, the payment of severance benefits or the
accelerated vesting of equity, will be reduced or adjusted to avoid triggering the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, if such adjustment
would result in the provision of a greater total benefit, on a net after-tax basis (after taking into account taking any applicable federal, state and local
income taxes and the excise tax imposed by Section 4999), to the Akebia Executive.

Termination of ESA

Each of the ESAs will terminate immediately upon the mutual agreement of the parties to such ESA, the Akebia Executive’s termination for cause
or death, or the Akebia Executive’s disability (defined as the Akebia Executive’s inability by reason of physical or mental impairment to perform his or
her job duties for a period exceeding 12 consecutive weeks).

Employee Benefits

The Merger Agreement requires that, for all purposes under each Akebia Plan providing benefits to any employees after the Effective Time,
Akebia shall use reasonable best efforts to cause each individual who is an employee of Akebia or its subsidiaries as of the Effective Time (an “Akebia
Employee”) to be credited with his or her years of service with Akebia and its subsidiaries before the Effective Time for such purposes, to the same
extent as such Akebia Employee was entitled, before the Effective Time, to credit for such service under any similar Akebia Plan, except to the extent
such recognition would result in a duplication of benefits or to the extent Keryx Employees and Akebia Employees are equally affected without regard
to employment prior to the Effective Time.

Continued Indemnification

See “Information Not Required in Prospectus—Indemnification of Officers and Directors of Akebia” beginning on page II-1 of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus for information on the continued indemnification of directors and officers of Akebia.

Other Information

Mr. Butler owns 3,334 Keryx Shares, along with 26,668 Keryx Options, each of which will be exchanged for the Merger Consideration at the
Effective Time. It is expected that Mr. Butler will vote his Keryx Shares in
 

134



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 147/209

Table of Contents

favor of the Keryx Merger Proposal, the Keryx Advisory Compensation Proposal, and if necessary, the Keryx Adjournment Proposal.

Regulatory Approvals Required for the Merger

United States Antitrust

Under the HSR Act, the Merger cannot be consummated until, among other things, notifications have been given and certain information has been
furnished to the FTC and the Antitrust Division of the DOJ and all applicable waiting periods have expired or been terminated.

On August 21, 2018, the FTC granted early termination, effective immediately, of the applicable waiting period under the HSR Act.

Accounting Treatment

Akebia will account for the Merger using the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with GAAP. GAAP requires that one of Akebia or
Keryx be designated as the acquirer for accounting purposes based on the evidence available. Akebia will be treated as the acquiring entity for
accounting purposes. In identifying Akebia as the acquiring entity, the combined company took into account the structure of the Merger, the composition
of the Combined Board and the designation of certain senior management positions of the combined company. Accordingly, the historical financial
statements of Akebia will become the historical financial statements of the combined company.

The combined company will measure Keryx’s assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their fair values, including net tangible and identifiable
intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed, as of the consummation of the Merger. Any excess of the purchase price over those fair values will be
recorded as goodwill.

Definite lived intangible assets will be amortized over their estimated useful lives. Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives and goodwill will
not be amortized but will be tested for impairment at least annually. All intangible assets and goodwill are also tested for impairment when certain
indicators are present.

The allocation of purchase price reflected in the unaudited pro forma combined financial statements is based on preliminary estimates using
assumptions Akebia management believes are reasonable based on currently available information. The final purchase price and fair value assessment of
assets and liabilities will be based in part on a detailed valuation that has not yet been completed.

Listing of Akebia Shares

The Merger Agreement obligates Akebia to use its reasonable best efforts to cause the Akebia Shares to be issued to the Keryx shareholders
pursuant to the Merger Agreement, as promptly as reasonably practicable after the date of the Merger Agreement.

Approval for listing on The Nasdaq Global Market of the Akebia Shares issuable to Keryx shareholders in connection with the Merger, subject to
official notice of issuance, is a condition to the obligations of Keryx and Akebia to consummate the Merger. It is expected that, following the Merger,
Akebia Shares will continue to be listed on The Nasdaq Global Market and trade under the symbol “AKBA.”

Delisting and Deregistration of Keryx Shares

Following the Merger, Keryx Shares will be delisted from The Nasdaq Capital Market, deregistered under the Exchange Act and cease to be
publicly traded.
 

135



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 148/209

Table of Contents

Litigation Relating to the Merger

On October 16, 2018, a Keryx shareholder filed a putative shareholder class action against Keryx and the members of the Keryx Board
challenging the disclosures made in connection with the Merger. The lawsuit is captioned Corwin v. Keryx Biopharmaceuticals, Inc., et al.,
No. 1:18-cv-01589, and is pending in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware. On October 23, 2018, a Keryx shareholder filed a
putative shareholder class action against Keryx, the members of the Keryx Board, Merger Sub, and Akebia also challenging the disclosures made in
connection with the Merger. The lawsuit is captioned Rosenblatt v. Keryx Biopharmaceuticals, Inc., et al., No. 1:18-cv-12205, and was filed in the
United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts. On October 24, 2018, another Keryx shareholder filed a putative shareholder action
against Keryx and the members of the Keryx Board challenging the disclosures made in connection with the Merger. The lawsuit is captioned Van Hulst
v. Keryx Biopharmaceuticals, Inc., et al., No. 1:18-cv-01656, and is pending in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware.

The complaints generally allege that the Registration Statement filed in connection with the Merger fails to disclose certain allegedly material
information in violation of Section 14(a) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act and Rule 14a-9 promulgated thereunder. The alleged omissions relate to
(i) certain financial projections for Keryx and Akebia and certain financial analyses performed by Keryx’s advisors; (ii) certain terms relating to the
engagement of PWP; and (iii) any alleged negotiations that may have taken place regarding which individuals would serve on the Combined Board.
Each of the plaintiffs seek to enjoin the Defendants from proceeding with the Merger and seek damages in the event the transaction is consummated.

Keryx and Akebia are reviewing the complaints and have not yet formally responded to them, but believe that each Plaintiff’s allegations are
without merit and intend to defend against them vigorously. However, litigation is inherently uncertain and there can be no assurance regarding the
likelihood that Keryx’s or Akebia’s defense of the actions will be successful. Additional lawsuits arising out of the Merger may also be filed in the
future.

MATERIAL U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES

This section constitutes the opinion of Goodwin Procter LLP and describes the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the Merger to
U.S. Holders (as defined below) of Keryx Shares that exchange their Keryx Shares for Akebia Shares in the Merger. This discussion is based on the
Code, U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder, judicial decisions and published rulings and administrative pronouncements of the U.S.
Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”), in each case in effect as of the date hereof. These authorities may change or be subject to differing interpretations.
Any such change or differing interpretation may be applied retroactively in a manner that could adversely affect a U.S. Holder. We have not sought and
will not seek any rulings from the IRS regarding the matters discussed below. There can be no assurance the IRS or a court will not take a contrary
position to that discussed below regarding the tax consequences of the Merger. This discussion assumes that the Merger will be consummated in
accordance with the Merger Agreement and as further described in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. This discussion addresses the material U.S.
federal income tax consequences of the Merger; however, it does not address any tax consequences arising under the unearned income Medicare
contribution tax pursuant to the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, nor does it address any tax consequences arising under the laws
of any state, local or non-U.S. jurisdiction, or under any U.S. federal laws other than those pertaining to the income tax.

This discussion applies only to U.S. Holders of Keryx Shares who hold such shares as a capital asset within the meaning of Section 1221 of the
Code (generally, property held for investment). Further, this discussion does not purport to address aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that may be
relevant to U.S. Holders of Keryx Shares in light of their particular circumstances and does not apply to U.S. Holders of Keryx Shares subject to special
treatment under the U.S. federal income tax laws including, without limitation:
 

 •  banks, insurance companies and other financial institutions;
 

136



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 149/209

Table of Contents

 •  tax-exempt and governmental organizations;
 

 •  partnerships, S corporations and other pass-through entities (and investors in partnerships, S corporations and other pass-through entities);
 

 •  regulated investment companies and real estate investment trusts;
 

 •  controlled foreign corporations and passive foreign investment companies;
 

 •  brokers and dealers in stocks, securities, commodities, or currencies;
 

 •  traders in securities that elect to apply a mark-to-market method of accounting;
 

 •  persons subject to the alternative minimum tax;
 

 
•  persons who acquired Keryx Shares pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options, through a tax qualified retirement plan or otherwise

as compensation;
 

 •  persons who actually or constructively own more than 1% of the outstanding stock of Keryx;
 

 •  persons whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar;
 

 •  persons who hold Keryx Shares as part of a hedge, straddle, constructive sale, conversion, or other integrated transaction; and
 

 •  U.S. expatriates.

For purposes of this discussion, the term “U.S. Holder” means a beneficial owner of Keryx Shares that is, for U.S. federal income tax purposes,
 

 •  an individual citizen or resident of the United States;
 

 
•  a corporation, or entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, organized under the laws of the United States, any state

thereof or the District of Columbia;
 

 
•  a trust that (i) is subject to the primary supervision of a U.S. court and the control of one or more “United States persons” (within the

meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code) or (ii) has made a valid election to be treated as a United States person for U.S. federal income
tax purposes; or

 

 •  an estate, the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income tax regardless of its source.

If an entity or arrangement treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes holds Keryx Shares, the tax treatment of a partner in such
partnership will depend on the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. Any entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax
purposes that holds Keryx Shares and any partners in such partnership should consult their tax advisors regarding the tax consequences of the Merger to
them.

THE FOLLOWING DISCUSSION ONLY ADDRESSES THE MATERIAL U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE
MERGER. ALL HOLDERS OF KERYX SHARES SHOULD CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISORS AS TO THE PARTICULAR TAX
CONSEQUENCES TO THEM OF THE MERGER, INCLUDING THE APPLICABILITY AND EFFECT OF ANY U.S. FEDERAL, STATE,
LOCAL, NON-U.S., AND OTHER TAX LAWS.

U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger to U.S. Holders of Keryx Shares

Keryx has received from its counsel, Goodwin Procter LLP, an opinion, dated October 29, 2018, that the Merger will qualify for U.S. federal
income tax purposes as a “reorganization” within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code. This opinion is based on customary assumptions and on
representations, warranties and covenants of officers of Keryx and Akebia and any of their respective affiliates and representatives, as
 

137



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 150/209

Table of Contents

appropriate. If any of the assumptions, representations, warranties or covenants is incorrect, incomplete, or inaccurate or is violated, the validity of the
opinion described above may be affected and the tax consequences of the Merger could differ substantially from those described in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. There can be no assurances that such opinion will be accepted by the IRS or, if challenged, by a court. No ruling has been sought
from the IRS with respect to the tax consequences of the merger. If the Merger does not so qualify, the tax consequences will differ from those described
in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. Accordingly, on the basis of the opinion described above, a U.S. Holder of Keryx Shares that exchanges their
Keryx Shares for Akebia Shares in the Merger:
 

 
•  will not recognize any gain or loss upon the exchange of Keryx Shares for Akebia Shares in the Merger, except with respect to cash received

in lieu of fractional Akebia Shares (as discussed below);
 

 
•  will have a tax basis in the Akebia Shares received in the Merger (including fractional Akebia Shares for which cash is received) equal to the

tax basis of the Keryx Shares surrendered in exchange therefor;
 

 
•  will have a holding period for the Akebia Shares received in the Merger (including fractional Akebia Shares for which cash is received) that

includes its holding period for its Keryx Shares surrendered in exchange therefor.

The Akebia Shares received in the Merger (including fractional Akebia Shares for which cash is received) by a U.S. Holder that acquired different
blocks of Keryx Shares at different times or at different prices will be allocated pro rata to each block of Keryx Shares of such U.S. Holder, and the basis
and holding period of such Akebia Shares will be determined using a block for block approach and will depend on the basis and holding period of each
block of Keryx Shares exchanged for such Akebia Shares.

Cash in Lieu of Fractional Shares

A U.S. Holder that receives cash in lieu of fractional Akebia Shares in the Merger will recognize capital gain or loss measured by the difference
between the cash received for such fractional Akebia Shares and the U.S. Holder’s tax basis in the fractional Akebia Shares. Such capital gain or loss
will be long term capital gain or loss if the holding period for such fractional Akebia Shares is more than one year. Long term capital gain of certain non-
corporate taxpayers, including individuals, is taxed at preferential rates. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations.

Information Reporting and Backup Withholding

Certain U.S. Holders may be subject to information reporting and backup withholding of U.S. federal income tax with respect to any cash received
in lieu of fractional Akebia Shares. Backup withholding will not apply, however, to a U.S. Holder that furnishes a correct taxpayer identification number
and certifies that it is not subject to backup withholding on IRS Form W-9 or is otherwise exempt from backup withholding and provides proof of the
applicable exemption. Backup withholding is not an additional tax and any amounts withheld will be allowed as a refund or credit against the U.S.
Holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability, if any, provided that such U.S. Holder timely furnishes the required information to the IRS.

THE MERGER AGREEMENT

The following is a summary of the material terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement. This summary may not contain all the information
about the Merger Agreement that is important to you. This summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement attached as
Annex A to, and incorporated by reference into, this joint proxy statement/prospectus. You are encouraged to read the Merger Agreement in its entirety
because it is the legal document that governs the Merger.
 

138



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 151/209

Table of Contents

Explanatory Note Regarding the Merger Agreement and the Summary of the Merger Agreement

The Merger Agreement and the summary of its terms in this joint proxy statement/prospectus have been included to provide information about the
terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement. The terms and information in the Merger Agreement are not intended to provide any other public
disclosure of factual information about Keryx, Akebia, or any of their respective subsidiaries or affiliates. The representations, warranties, covenants,
and agreements contained in the Merger Agreement are made by Akebia, Keryx, and Merger Sub only for the purposes of the Merger Agreement and
are qualified and subject to certain limitations and exceptions agreed to by Akebia, Keryx, and Merger Sub in connection with negotiating the terms of
the Merger Agreement, including being qualified by reference to confidential disclosures. In particular, in your review of the representations and
warranties contained in the Merger Agreement and described in this summary, it is important to bear in mind that the representations and warranties
were made solely for the benefit of the parties to the Merger Agreement and were negotiated for the purpose of allocating contractual risk among the
parties to the Merger Agreement rather than to establish matters as facts. The representations and warranties may also be subject to a contractual
standard of materiality or material adverse effect different from those generally applicable to shareholders and reports and documents filed with the SEC
including being qualified by reference to confidential disclosures. Moreover, information concerning the subject matter of the representations and
warranties, which do not purport to be accurate as of the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, may have changed since the date of the Merger
Agreement.

For the foregoing reasons, the representations, warranties, covenants, and agreements and any descriptions of those provisions should not be read
alone or relied upon as characterizations of the actual state of facts or condition of Akebia, Keryx or any of their respective subsidiaries or affiliates.
Instead, such provisions or descriptions should be read only in conjunction with the other information provided elsewhere in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus or incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

Structure of the Merger

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub will merge with and into Keryx, with Keryx surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of Akebia.

Consummation and Effectiveness of the Merger

Unless the parties agree otherwise, the consummation of the Merger will occur within three business days after all conditions to the consummation
of the Merger described under “The Merger Agreement—Conditions to Consummation of the Merger” have been satisfied or waived. The Merger will
be consummated and become effective at the time the Certificate of Merger is duly filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, or such
later time as agreed to by Akebia and Keryx and specified in the Certificate of Merger or as may be required under the Indenture relating to Keryx’s
Convertible Notes or the Notes Conversion Agreement.

Post-Closing Governance

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, following the consummation of the Merger, the Combined Board will consist of (i) Mr. Butler, Mr. Canute,
Ms. Smith and another individual to be designated by the Akebia Board, who will be a director of the Akebia Board prior to the Effective Time and
reasonably acceptable to Keryx, who will be the Continuing Directors; (ii) Mr. Enyedy, Dr. Gilman, Mr. Heffernan, Ms. Morrison, and Mr. Rogers, who
will be the Keryx Board Designees; and (iii) the Additional Director, who will be designated by the Akebia Board and the Keryx Board prior to the
Effective Time, who will serve as the Chairperson of the Combined Board as of the Effective Time.

As of the Effective Time, the Continuing Directors, the Keryx Board Designees, and the Additional Director will be allocated among three classes
of directors as follows:
 

 •  Class II will consist of one Continuing Director and two Keryx Board Designees and will be up for re-election in 2019;
 

139



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 152/209

Table of Contents

 
•  Class III will consist of the Additional Director, one Continuing Director, and one Keryx Board Designee and will be up for re-election in

2020; and
 

 •  Class I will consist of two Continuing Directors and two Keryx Board Designees and will be up for re-election in 2021.

At the Effective Time, Akebia will take all necessary action to cause Mr. Butler to continue as Chief Executive Officer of the combined company.
In the event that Mr. Butler is not the Chief Executive Officer of Akebia immediately prior to the Effective Time, Akebia will select another individual
reasonably acceptable to Keryx to be appointed as Chief Executive Officer of the combined company as of the Effective Time.

In addition to Mr. Butler, the remainder of Akebia’s current executive leadership team is expected to continue to serve in the same roles in the
combined company after the consummation of the Merger. Akebia’s current executive leadership team also includes: Jason A. Amello, Akebia’s Senior
Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer; Michel Dahan, Akebia’s Senior Vice President, Chief Business Officer; Rita Jain, M.D., Akebia’s
Senior Vice President, Chief Medical Officer; Nicole R. Hadas, Akebia’s Senior Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary; Karen Tubridy,
Akebia’s Senior Vice President, Chief Development Officer; and Tamara Dillon, Akebia’s Senior Vice President, Human Resources.

Merger Consideration

At the Effective Time, each Keryx Share issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than shares held by Akebia,
Merger Sub, any subsidiaries of Akebia or Keryx (other than the Merger Sub), or by Keryx as treasury shares or Keryx Restricted Shares) will become
the right to receive 0.37433 Akebia Shares. No fractional Akebia Shares will be issued in the Merger, and Keryx shareholders will receive cash in lieu of
fractional shares as part of the Merger Consideration, as specified in the Merger Agreement.

Appraisal Rights

Under the DGCL, Keryx shareholders will not be entitled to exercise any appraisal rights in connection with the Merger. For information
regarding how to exercise your voting rights as a Keryx Shareholder, please see “The Keryx Special Meeting” beginning on page 49 of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.

Under the DGCL, Akebia shareholders will not be entitled to exercise any appraisal rights in connection with the Merger. For information
regarding how to exercise your voting rights as an Akebia Shareholder, please see “The Akebia Special Meeting” beginning on page 57 of this joint
proxy statement/prospectus.

Procedures for Surrendering Keryx Stock Certificates

Prior to the dissemination of this joint proxy statement/prospectus to the Keryx shareholders and Akebia shareholders, Akebia has agreed to
appoint American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC to act as the Exchange Agent to handle the exchange of Keryx stock certificates or Keryx
book-entry shares for the Merger Consideration. At or prior to the Effective Time, Akebia will deposit the Akebia Shares comprising the aggregate
Merger Consideration for the benefit of Keryx shareholders. As promptly as practicable after the Effective Time, Akebia will cause the Exchange Agent
to mail to each holder of record of Keryx certificated shares or combination of Keryx certificated and book-entry shares at the Effective Time a letter of
transmittal explaining how to surrender Keryx shares to the Exchange Agent.

Upon surrender of Keryx stock certificates and delivery of a properly completed letter of transmittal with respect to such Keryx Shares, Keryx
shareholders who hold Keryx stock certificates or a combination of certificates and book-entry shares will be entitled to receive the Merger
Consideration for each Keryx Share formerly represented by such Keryx stock certificate and book-entry position. Keryx shareholders who only hold
 

140



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 153/209

Table of Contents

Keryx book-entry shares will not need to take any action with respect to their Keryx book-entry shares and such Keryx shareholders will automatically
be entitled to receive Merger Consideration for each Keryx Share they previously held.

Treatment of Keryx Equity Awards

Keryx Options

Each Keryx Option, to the extent then outstanding and unexercised, shall automatically, without any action on the part of the holders thereof, be
cancelled and converted, as of the Effective Time and thereafter evidence a Rollover Option. These Rollover Options will have an exercise price per
share equal to the quotient obtained by dividing the exercise price per share of a Keryx Option by the Exchange Multiplier (rounded up to the nearest
whole cent).

Keryx Restricted Shares

Under the Merger Agreement, at the Effective Time of the Merger, (x) each Keryx Restricted Share award, to the extent then outstanding and
subject to restrictions (including vesting), other than those restrictions that accelerate or lapse as a result of the Effective Time of the Merger, will
automatically, without any action on the part of the holders thereof, be cancelled and converted, as of the Effective Time of the Merger, and thereafter
evidence Rollover Restricted Shares and (y) each Keryx Share that is the subject of a Keryx Restricted Share award, to the extent then outstanding and
whose restrictions (including vesting) accelerate or lapse as a result of the Effective Time, will automatically, without any action of the part of the
holders thereof, be treated in the same manner as other Keryx Shares in the Merger.

Following the Effective Time, each Rollover Restricted Share and Rollover Option shall be subject to the same terms and conditions as had
applied to the corresponding Keryx Restricted Share award or Keryx Option as of immediately prior to the Effective Time of the Merger, except for such
terms rendered inoperative by reason of the Merger, subject to such adjustments as reasonably determined by Akebia and Keryx to be necessary or
appropriate to give effect to the conversion or the Merger, and Akebia may assume the Keryx Equity Plans.

Conditions to Consummation of the Merger

Mutual Conditions to Consummation. The obligations of Keryx, Akebia and Merger Sub to consummate the Merger are subject to the
satisfaction or waiver (to the extent permitted by applicable law) of the following conditions:
 

 •  approval of the Keryx Merger Proposal by the holders of a majority of the outstanding Keryx Shares;
 

 
•  approval of the Akebia Share Issuance Proposal by the holders of a majority of the votes cast affirmatively or negatively thereon at the

Akebia Special Meeting;
 

 
•  approval for listing on The Nasdaq Global Market of the Akebia Shares issuable to Keryx shareholders in connection with the Merger,

subject to official notice of issuance;
 

 •  absence of any applicable law or order being in effect which prohibits, restrains, enjoins, or prevents the consummation of the Merger;
 

 •  effectiveness of the Form S-4 under the Securities Act and not being the subject of any stop order; and
 

 •  the expiration or termination of any applicable waiting period, and any extension thereof, under the HSR Act.

On August 21, 2018, the FTC granted early termination, effective immediately, of the applicable waiting period under the HSR Act.
 

141



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 154/209

Table of Contents

Additional Conditions to Consummation. In addition, the obligations of Akebia and Merger Sub on one hand, and Keryx, on the other hand, to
consummate the Merger are subject to the satisfaction or waiver (to the extent permitted by applicable law) of the following conditions:
 

 
•  the accuracy in all respects (subject only to de minimis inaccuracies) as of the Closing Date (or, in the case of representations and warranties

that address matters only as of a particular date, as of such date) of certain representations and warranties made in the Merger Agreement by
Keryx or Akebia, as the case may be, regarding their respective capitalization;

 

 

•  the accuracy as of the Closing Date (or, in the case of representations and warranties that address matters only as of a particular date, as of
such date) of certain representations and warranties made in the Merger Agreement by Keryx or Akebia, as the case may be, regarding,
among other matters, its (i) corporate organization, and (ii) authority; execution and delivery; and enforceability in connection with the
Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated therein;

 

 
•  the accuracy in all respects of the representations and warranties other than those described in the bullet points above, that are qualified as

to, or by an Akebia material adverse effect or Keryx material adverse effect, as the case may be;
 

 

•  the accuracy of all other representations and warranties made in the Merger Agreement by Keryx or Akebia, as the case may be
(disregarding all qualifications and exceptions contained in such representations and warranties relating to materiality or material adverse
effect) as of the Closing Date (or, in the case of representations and warranties that address matters only as of a particular date, as of such
date), except to the extent that any failures of such representations and warranties to be accurate, individually or in the aggregate, have not
had and would not reasonable be expected to have, a material adverse effect on Keryx or Akebia, as the case may be;

 

 
•  compliance with all of the covenants and agreements required to be performed or complied with by Keryx or Akebia, as the case may be, in

all material respects and the receipt by Akebia or Keryx, as the case may be, of a certificate from a duly authorized officer of Keryx or
Akebia, as the case may be, stating that this condition has been satisfied; and

 

 
•  the absence of a material adverse effect on Keryx or Akebia, as the case may be (see “—Definition of ‘Material Adverse Effect’” beginning

on page 143 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus for the definition of material adverse effect).

In addition, the obligation of Akebia to consummate the Merger is subject to the conversion of the Convertible Notes into Keryx Shares in
accordance with the Notes Conversion Agreement. The issuance of the Additional Shares is a condition of the conversion, but not of the Merger.

Representations and Warranties

The Merger Agreement contains a number of representations and warranties made by both Akebia and Keryx that are subject in some cases to
exceptions and qualifications (including exceptions that are not material to the party making the representations and warranties and its subsidiaries,
taken as a whole, and exceptions that have not had, and would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse
effect on the party making the representations and warranties). See “—Definition of ‘Material Adverse Effect’” beginning on page 143 of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus for the definition of material adverse effect. The representations and warranties in the Merger Agreement relate to, among other
things:
 

 •  corporate organization;
 

 •  capitalization;
 

 •  authority; execution and delivery; enforceability;
 

 •  no conflicts;
 

142



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 155/209

Table of Contents

 •  SEC documents; financial statements; undisclosed liabilities;
 

 •  absence of certain changes or events;
 

 •  information supplied;
 

 •  legal proceedings;
 

 •  compliance with laws;
 

 •  permits;
 

 •  employee benefit plans;
 

 •  employee and labor matters;
 

 •  environmental matters;
 

 •  real property;
 

 •  tax matters;
 

 •  material contracts;
 

 •  intellectual property;
 

 •  regulatory matters;
 

 •  broker’s fees;
 

 •  opinion of financial advisors;
 

 •  ownership of other party’s equity interests;
 

 •  insurance; and
 

 •  no other representations or warranties.

Akebia also makes representations and warranties relating to, among other things, Merger Sub. The representations and warranties in the Merger
Agreement do not survive the Effective Time. See “—Explanatory Note Regarding the Merger Agreement and the Summary of the Merger Agreement”
beginning on page 139 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

Definition of “Material Adverse Effect”

Many of the representations and warranties in the Merger Agreement are qualified by “material adverse effect” on the party making such
representations and warranties.

For purposes of the Merger Agreement, “material adverse effect” means, with respect to Akebia or Keryx, as the case may be, any change, effect,
event, circumstance, occurrence, state of facts or development, that, individually or in the aggregate, has or would reasonably be expected to have a
material adverse effect on the business, assets, results of operations, or financial condition of Akebia and its subsidiaries or Keryx and its subsidiaries,
taken as a whole, other than any change, effect, event, circumstance, occurrence, state of facts, or development related to or resulting from (i) general
business or economic conditions affecting the industry in which such party operates, to the extent such change or effect does not disproportionately
affect such party relative to other industry participants; (ii) any natural disaster, or national or international political or social conditions, including the
engagement by the United States in hostilities or the escalation thereof, whether or not pursuant to the declaration of a national emergency or war, or the
occurrence or the escalation of any military or terrorist attack upon the United States, or any of its territories, possessions, or diplomatic or consular
offices or upon any military installation, equipment or personnel of the United States, to the extent such change or effect does not disproportionately
affect such party relative to other industry participants; (iii) financial, banking, or
 

143



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 156/209

Table of Contents

securities markets (including any disruption thereof and any decline in the price of any security or any market index), to the extent such change or effect
does not disproportionately affect such party relative to other industry participants; (iv) changes in GAAP; (v) changes in laws, rules, regulations, orders,
or other binding directives issued by any governmental body, to the extent such change or effect does not disproportionately affect such party relative to
other industry participants; (vi) the announcement of the Merger Agreement or the pendency of the Merger, including any loss of employees or any
disruption in or termination of (or loss of or other negative effect or change with respect to) supplier, distributor, or similar business relationships or
partnerships resulting from the Merger (provided, that this clause (vi) does not apply in the context of the representations and warranties set forth in
Sections 2.05 and 3.05 of the Merger Agreement); (vii) changes in and of itself in Akebia’s or Keryx’s Share price or the trading volume of Akebia’s or
Keryx’s Shares or any change in the credit rating of Akebia or Keryx (but not, in each case, the underlying cause of any such changes, unless such
underlying cause would otherwise be excepted from this definition); (viii) the failure in and of itself to meet internal or analysts’ expectations,
projections, or results of operations (but not, in each case; the underlying cause of any such changes, unless such underlying cause would otherwise be
excepted from this definition); (ix) any action arising from or related to the Merger Agreement or the Merger; or (x)  the taking of any action explicitly
contemplated hereby or the other agreements contemplated hereby.

Conduct of Business Pending the Merger

Except as set forth in the confidential disclosure letter delivered to the other party, required by applicable law, expressly permitted by the Merger
Agreement, or with the prior written consent of the other party (which consent shall not be unreasonably delayed, withheld or conditioned), during the
pre-closing period, Akebia, Keryx, and their respective subsidiaries shall, conduct their business in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice and use commercially reasonable efforts to preserve intact their current business organizations, keep available the services of their current
officers, employees and consultants and preserve their relationships with customers, suppliers, licensors, licensees, distributors and others having
business dealings with them, including by taking the actions described in the respective disclosure letters. Each party shall promptly notify the other
(i) of any material adverse effect of which they have knowledge and (ii) upon having knowledge of any matter reasonably likely to result in any of the
conditions to closing not being satisfied.

Without limiting the foregoing, except as may be required by applicable law, set forth in Akebia’s or Keryx’s confidential disclosure letter or as
otherwise expressly contemplated in the Merger Agreement, Akebia and Keryx and each of their respective subsidiaries is not permitted to, between the
date of the Merger Agreement and the Closing Date, take any of the following actions without the prior written consent of Keryx, in the case of actions
taken by Akebia, or Akebia, in the case of actions taken by Keryx (which consent may not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed):
 

 

•  declare, set aside or pay any dividends on or make other distributions (whether in cash, stock or property) in respect of any capital stock or
shares or directly or indirectly redeem, repurchase or otherwise acquire any shares of their respective capital stock or any Keryx Options,
Keryx Restricted Shares, Akebia Options, Akebia RSUs, Akebia Restricted Shares, or Akebia ESPP purchase rights with respect thereto,
subject to certain exceptions;

 

 

•  issue, sell, pledge, dispose of, grant, transfer or encumber, or authorize the issuance, sale, pledge, disposition, grant, transfer or encumbrance
of, any beneficial interest, shares of capital stock, or other ownership interests in, Akebia or Keryx, as the case may be, or any of Akebia’s or
Keryx’s subsidiaries, as the case may be, of any class, or securities convertible into, or exchangeable or exercisable for any shares of such
capital stock or other ownership interests, or any phantom equity or similar contractual rights or any warrants or other rights, agreements,
arrangements or commitments of any kind to acquire any shares of such capital stock or any rights, warrants or options to acquire or with
respect to any such shares of beneficial interest, capital stock, ownership interest or convertible or exchangeable securities or take any action
to cause to be exercisable any otherwise unexercisable option under any existing share option plan, of Akebia or Keryx, as the case may be,
or any of

 
144



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 157/209

Table of Contents

 
Akebia’s or Keryx’s subsidiaries, as the case may be, subject to certain exceptions, including issuances of equity awards for new hires, in the
ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice;

 

 

•  except as required by the terms of an applicable company benefit plan as in effect as of the date of the Merger Agreement, (i) increase the
wages, salary or other compensation or benefits with respect to any of Akebia’s, Keryx’s, or any of their respective subsidiaries’ officers,
directors, independent contractors or employees, except for increases in base salaries and wages in the ordinary course of business consistent
with past practice that does not exceed two percent of annual base salary in the aggregate or five percent of base salary for any individual,
(ii) establish, adopt, enter into, materially amend or terminate any company benefit plan, or (iii) accelerate the vesting, funding or time of
payment of any compensation or other benefit;

 

 
•  adopt, enter into or amend any collective bargaining agreement or contract with any labor union, trade organization or other employee

representative body applicable to Akebia, Keryx or their respective subsidiaries;
 

 
•  engage in any conduct that would result in an employment loss or layoff for a sufficient number of employees of Akebia or Keryx which

would constitute a “plant closing” or “mass layoff” under the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act;
 

 

•  except for the hiring or engagement of any individual to whom an offer of employment has been extended on or prior to the date of the
Merger Agreement, (i) hire or engage any independent contractor or employee performing finance, legal, human resources or IT business
services for Akebia without first consulting Keryx, or for Keryx without first consulting Akebia and (ii) hire or engage any officer, director,
independent contractor or employee performing any other function except in accordance with the budget made available by Akebia to
Keryx, or by Keryx to Akebia;

 

 
•  amend or propose to amend, or permit the adoption of any material amendment of the charter or bylaws of Keryx or Akebia (including by

merger, consolidation or otherwise) or the comparable charter or organizational document of any of their respective subsidiaries or adopt a
shareholders’ rights plan or similar plan, or enter into any agreement with respect to the voting of its capital stock;

 

 
•  effect a recapitalization, reclassification of shares, stock split, reverse stock split or similar transaction or authorize the issuance of any other

securities in respect of, in lieu of, or in substitution for shares of its capital stock;
 

 
•  adopt a plan of complete or partial liquidation, dissolution, consolidation, restructuring or recapitalization of Akebia, Keryx, as the case may

be, or any of their “significant subsidiaries,” as defined in Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X;
 

 
•  make any capital expenditures that are in the aggregate in excess of $1,000,000, except for the purchase of materials from suppliers or

vendors in the ordinary course of business;
 

 

•  acquire or agree to acquire, by merging or consolidating with, by purchasing an equity interest in or a portion of the material assets of any
business or any corporation, partnership, association or other business organization or division thereof, or otherwise acquire or agree to
acquire any material assets of any other person, except for the purchase of materials from suppliers or vendors in the ordinary course of
business;

 

 
•  incur any indebtedness, renew or extend any existing credit or loan arrangements, enter into any “keep well” or other agreement to maintain

any financial condition of another person or enter into any agreement or arrangement having the economic effect of any of the foregoing,
except for short-term indebtedness incurred in the ordinary course of business;

 

 
•  make any loans or advances to any other person, make any capital contributions to, or investments in, any other person or repurchase,

prepay or refinance any indebtedness in an amount greater than $1,000,000 in the aggregate;
 

145



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 158/209

Table of Contents

 

•  sell, transfer, license, assign, mortgage, encumber, or otherwise abandon, withdraw or dispose of (i) any assets with a fair market value in
excess of $100,000 in the aggregate or (ii) any intellectual property currently owned by or exclusively licensed to Keryx or Akebia or any
intellectual property pending ownership by or exclusive license to Akebia or Keryx, as the case may be, except, in the case of clause (ii), the
ordinary course of business;

 

 

•  commence, pay, discharge, settle, compromise or satisfy any action that is unrelated to the contemplated transactions, other than
compromises, settlements or agreements in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice that involve only the payment of
monetary damages not in excess of $100,000 in the aggregate, in any case without the imposition of equitable relief on, or the admission of
wrongdoing by Akebia or Keryx, as the case may be;

 

 
•  change its fiscal year, revalue any of its material assets or change any of its financial, actuarial, reserving or tax accounting methods or

practices in any respect, except as required by GAAP;
 

 

•  (i) make, change or revoke any material tax election, (ii) file any material amended tax return or claim for refund of material taxes, (iii) enter
into any “closing agreement” as described in Section 7121 of the Code (or any corresponding or similar provision of state, local or non-U.S.
law) or tax allocation, sharing or similar agreement (other than, in each case, any commercial agreement entered into in the ordinary course
of business that does not relate primarily to taxes) relating to or affecting any material tax liability or refund of material taxes, (iv) extend or
waive the application of any statute of limitations regarding the assessment or collection of any material tax, or (v) settle or compromise any
material tax liability or refund of material taxes;

 

 
•  waive, release or assign any rights or claims under, or renew, affirmatively determine not to renew, amend or modify in any material respect

or terminate, any material contract, or enter into any contract that, if existing on the date of signing, would be a material contract, in each
case other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice;

 

 
•  cease to maintain with financially responsible insurance companies insurance in such amounts and against such risks and losses as are

customary for the nature of the property so insured and for companies engaged in the respective businesses of Akebia, Keryx and their
respective subsidiaries, to the extent such insurance is available on commercially reasonable terms;

 

 
•  abandon, withdraw, terminate, suspend, abrogate, amend, or modify any permits in a manner that would materially impair the operation of

the business of Akebia, Keryx or any of their respective subsidiaries;
 

 

•  enter into (i) a research or collaboration arrangement with a value in excess of $1,000,000 in the aggregate, (ii) an individual consulting
agreement with any healthcare provider pursuant to which aggregate compensation (including, without limitation, cash, stock options,
royalties, and any other form of compensation) exceeds $150,000 per year, (iii) an educational grant, donation or investigator sponsored
research agreement pursuant to which the aggregate amount paid or the value of any items or services donated by Akebia, Keryx, or any of
their respective subsidiaries exceeds $100,000, (iv) a new agreement with a healthcare insurer or payor, pharmacy benefit manager,
distributor or wholesaler, or (v) a data purchase agreement or similar arrangement with a healthcare provider; or

 

 •  authorize, agree or commit to take any of the foregoing.

Additionally, Keryx shall not request (or permit any of its subsidiaries to request) a withdrawal of the marketing authorization for Fexeric® in the
European Union.

Obligations to Call Special Meetings

Each of Akebia and Keryx has agreed to, promptly following the date on which the Form S-4 has been filed with the SEC, establish a record date
for, and, as soon as practicable following the effectiveness of the Form S-4,
 

146



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 159/209

Table of Contents

duly call, give notice of, convene, and hold a meeting of its shareholders. At the Akebia Special Meeting, Akebia will seek the vote of its shareholders
required to approve the Akebia Share Issuance Proposal, and at the Keryx Special Meeting, Keryx will seek the vote of its shareholders required to
approve the Keryx Merger Proposal.

Subject to certain limitations, each party may postpone or adjourn the meeting of its shareholders (i) if there are not sufficient affirmative votes
present in person or by proxy at such meeting to obtain the approval of the Keryx Merger Proposal or approval of the Akebia Share Issuance Proposal,
as applicable, and such party shall use reasonable best efforts to obtain the requisite number of affirmative votes in person or by proxy as of such later
date, (ii) to allow reasonable additional time for the filing and mailing of any supplemental or amended disclosure which its respective board of directors
has determined in good faith after consultation with outside counsel is necessary under applicable law and for such supplemental or amended disclosure
to be disseminated and reviewed by its shareholders prior to the meeting of its shareholders, or (iii) if required by law. However, neither the Keryx
Special Meeting or the Akebia Special Meeting shall be postponed or adjourned for more than ten days in the aggregate from the originally scheduled
date without the prior written consent of the other party (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or delayed).

Obligations to Recommend the Approval of the Merger Agreement and the Approval of the Akebia Share Issuance Proposal

As discussed under “The Keryx Special Meeting,” Keryx’s Board recommends that Keryx shareholders vote “FOR” the Keryx Merger Proposal
(“Keryx Recommendation”). Keryx’s Board, however, may effect a Keryx Adverse Recommendation Change, in each case under specified
circumstances as discussed under “—No Solicitation” beginning on page 147 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

Similarly, as discussed under “The Akebia Special Meeting,” the Akebia Board recommends that Akebia shareholders vote “FOR” the Akebia
Share Issuance Proposal (“Akebia Recommendation”). The Akebia Board, however, may effect an Akebia Adverse Recommendation Change, in each
case under specified circumstances as discussed under “—No Solicitation” beginning on page 147 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

No Solicitation

Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, subject to certain exceptions described below, each of Akebia and Keryx has agreed, from the date of
the Merger Agreement until the earlier of the Effective Time or the date, if any, of the termination of the Merger Agreement in accordance with the
terms of the Merger Agreement, it shall not, and shall cause its respective subsidiaries and representatives not to, directly or indirectly:
 

 
•  initiate, seek or solicit, or knowingly encourage or facilitate (including by way of furnishing non-public information) or take any other

action that is reasonably expected to promote, directly or indirectly, any inquiries or the making or submission of any proposal that
constitutes, or would reasonably be expected to lead to, an Acquisition Proposal;

 

 
•  participate or engage in discussions or negotiations with, or disclose any non-public information or data relating to itself or any of its

subsidiaries or afford access to the properties, books, or records of itself or its subsidiaries to any person that has made or could reasonably
be expected to make an Acquisition Proposal; or

 

 
•  enter into any agreement, including a letter of intent, memorandum of understanding, agreement in principle, Merger Agreement, acquisition

agreement, or other similar agreement, with respect to an Acquisition Proposal.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Akebia or Keryx may participate or engage in discussions or negotiations with, or disclose any non-public
information or data relating to itself or any of its subsidiaries, afford access to the properties, books, or records of itself or its subsidiaries, and enter into
a confidentiality agreement containing
 

147



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 160/209

Table of Contents

terms no less favorable to Akebia or Keryx, as applicable, with any person that has made or could reasonably be expected to make an Acquisition
Proposal if, prior to obtaining the approval of the Akebia Share Issuance Proposal (in the case of Akebia) or the approval of the Keryx Merger Proposal
(in the case of Keryx), Akebia or Keryx:

(i) receives a written Acquisition Proposal (and such Acquisition Proposal was not initiated, sought, solicited, knowingly encouraged or facilitated
in violation of the non-solicitation obligations under the Merger Agreement), and

(ii) such proposal constitutes, or the Akebia Board or Keryx Board, as appropriate, determines in good faith that such proposal is reasonably
expected to lead to, a Superior Proposal; provided, however, that the any disclosure of non-public information must be delivered to such third party only
pursuant to a permitted confidentiality agreement.

Each of Keryx and Akebia has agreed that it shall not, nor shall its applicable board of directors, or any of its committees, directly or indirectly:
 

 
•  withhold, withdraw (or amend, qualify or modify in a manner adverse to the other party), the approval, recommendation or declaration of

advisability by its board of directors or any such committee of the contemplated transactions;
 

 •  propose publicly to recommend, adopt or approve any Acquisition Proposal with respect to itself; or
 

 
•  fail to reaffirm or re-publish the Keryx Recommendation or Akebia Recommendation, as appropriate, within ten days of being requested by

the other party to do so or, if earlier, not later than two business days before the Keryx Special Meeting or Akebia Special Meeting, as
appropriate.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, prior to obtaining the approval of the Akebia Share Issuance Proposal (in the case of Akebia) or the approval of
the Keryx Merger Proposal (in the case of Keryx) and subject to the non-solicitation and shareholder meeting provisions of the Merger Agreement, in
response to a Superior Proposal which has not been withdrawn or result from a breach of the non-solicitation provisions of the Merger Agreement, the
Akebia Board or Keryx Board, as appropriate, may not make an Akebia Adverse Recommendation Change or Keryx Adverse Recommendation Change
unless:
 

 
•  the Keryx Board or the Akebia Board, as applicable, provides the other party five business days prior written notice of receipt of a Superior

Proposal, specifying the material terms and conditions of such Superior Proposal and including all documents pertaining to such Superior
Proposal;

 

 

•  during such notice period, the other party proposes any alternative transaction (including any modification of the terms of the Merger
Agreement), and the applicable board of directors determines, in good faith after good faith negotiations between Keryx and Akebia during
such notice period, that such alternative transaction proposed by the other party is not at least as favorable to party and its shareholders as
the Superior Proposal; and

 

 
•  the Keryx Board or Akebia Board in good faith after consultation with outside legal counsel that failure to make a Keryx Adverse

Recommendation Change or Akebia Adverse Recommendation Change, as applicable, would be a breach of its fiduciary obligations to its
shareholders.

Any material amendment or modification to any Acquisition Proposal shall require a new Acquisition Proposal notice and the negotiation period
shall be extended by an additional three business days from the date of receipt of such new Acquisition Proposal notice.

Further, at any time prior to obtaining the approval of the Keryx Merger Proposal or the approval of the Akebia Share Issuance Proposal, as
applicable, and following any Intervening Event, the Keryx Board or the Akebia Board, as applicable, may make a Keryx Adverse Recommendation
Change or an Akebia Adverse
 

148



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 161/209

Table of Contents

Recommendation Change, as applicable, if such board (i) determines in good faith after consultation with outside legal counsel that the failure to make a
Keryx Adverse Recommendation Change or a Akebia Adverse Recommendation Change, as applicable, in response to such Intervening Event would be
a breach of its fiduciary obligations to its shareholders, (ii) determines in good faith that the reasons for making such a Keryx Adverse Recommendation
Change or Akebia Adverse Recommendation Change are independent of and unrelated to any pending Acquisition Proposal, and (iii) provides a Keryx
Notice of Change or an Akebia Notice of Change advising such other party that such board is contemplating making a Keryx Adverse Recommendation
Change or Akebia Adverse Recommendation Change, as applicable, and specifying the material facts and information constituting the basis for such
contemplated determination; provided, however, that the Keryx Board or the Akebia Board, as applicable (x) has given the other party at least five
business days after receipt of the Keryx Notice of Change or Akebia Notice of Change, as applicable, and (y) during that five business day period, at the
request of the other party, has negotiated in good faith with respect to any change or modifications to the Merger Agreement which would allow the
appropriate board not to make a Keryx Adverse Recommendation Change or Akebia Adverse Recommendation Change, as appropriate, in response to
such Intervening Event and consistent with the board’s fiduciary obligations to its shareholders.

For purposes of the Merger Agreement and the description thereof contained in this joint proxy statement/prospectus:

“Keryx Adverse Recommendation Change” means, with respect to the Keryx Board or any committee thereof, directly or indirectly, (i) withhold,
withdraw (or amend, qualify, or modify in a manner adverse to Akebia or Merger Sub), or publicly propose to withdraw (or amend, qualify or modify in
a manner adverse to Akebia or Merger Sub), the approval, recommendation, or declaration of advisability by the Keryx Board or any such committee of
the contemplated transactions; (ii) propose publicly to recommend, adopt, or approve any Acquisition Proposal with respect to Keryx; or (iii) fail to
reaffirm or re-publish the Keryx Recommendation within ten days of being requested by Akebia to do so or, if earlier, not later than two business days
prior to the Keryx Special Meeting.

“Akebia Adverse Recommendation Change” means, with respect to the Akebia Board or any committee thereof, directly or indirectly,
(i) withhold, withdraw (or amend, qualify or modify in a manner adverse to Keryx) or publicly propose to withdraw (or amend, qualify or modify in a
manner adverse to Keryx), the approval, recommendation, or declaration of advisability by the Akebia Board or any such committee of the contemplated
transactions; (ii) propose publicly to recommend, adopt, or approve any Acquisition Proposal with respect to Akebia or (iii) fail to reaffirm or re-publish
the Akebia Recommendation within ten days of being requested by Keryx to do so or, if earlier, not later than two business days prior to the Akebia
Special Meeting.

“Acquisition Proposal” shall mean any proposal or offer, whether or not in writing, for any transaction or series of transactions involving the
(i) direct or indirect acquisition or purchase of a business or assets that constitutes 20% or more of the consolidated net revenues, net income or the
assets (based on the fair market value thereof) of such party and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (ii) direct or indirect acquisition or purchase of 20%
or more of any class of equity securities or capital stock of such party or any of its subsidiaries whose business constitutes 20% or more of the
consolidated net revenues, net income or assets, of such party and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) merger, consolidation, restructuring, transfer
of assets or other business combination, sale of shares of capital stock, tender offer, share exchange, exchange offer, recapitalization or other similar
transaction that if consummated would result in any person or persons beneficially owning 20% or more of any class of equity securities of such party or
any of its subsidiaries whose business constitutes 20% or more of the consolidated net revenues, net income or assets of such party and its subsidiaries,
taken as a whole, other than the contemplated transactions.

“Intervening Event” means any material event or development or material change in circumstances first occurring, arising or coming to the
attention of the Keryx Board or the Akebia Board, as applicable, after the date
 

149



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 162/209

Table of Contents

of the Merger Agreement to the extent that such event, development or change in circumstances (i) was neither known by Keryx or any of its
representatives or Akebia or any of its representatives, as applicable, nor should reasonably have been foreseen by such party as of or prior to the date of
the Merger Agreement and (ii) does not relate to an Acquisition Proposal; provided, however, that in no event shall the changes in the market price or
trading volume of Keryx Shares or Akebia Shares or the fact that a party meets or exceeds internal or published projections, forecasts or revenue or
earnings predictions for any period be an intervening event; provided, however, that the underlying causes of such change or fact shall not be excluded
by the preceding proviso.

“Keryx Recommendation” means the recommendation that the Keryx shareholders adopt the Merger Agreement.

“Akebia Recommendation” means the recommendation by the Akebia Board that the Akebia shareholders approve the issue of Akebia Shares in
connection with the Merger.

“Superior Proposal” means an Acquisition Proposal (except the references in the definition thereof to “20%” shall be replaced by “50%”) that the
Akebia Board or a committee thereof or the Keryx Board or a committee thereof, as applicable, has determined is superior to the Acquisition Proposal
reflected in the Merger Agreement, taking into account the financial terms, the likelihood of consummation, and all other aspects of such Acquisition
Proposal.

Appropriate Action Covenant

Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, each of Akebia and Keryx agrees to use commercially reasonable
efforts to take promptly, or cause to be taken promptly, all actions, and to do promptly, or cause to be done, and to assist and cooperate with the other
parties in doing, all things necessary, proper or advisable under applicable laws to carry out the intent and purposes of the Merger Agreement and to
consummate the contemplated transactions including using reasonable best efforts to accomplish the following: (i) to cooperate with the other party,
execute and deliver such further documents, certificates, agreements and instruments and take such other actions as may be reasonably requested by the
other party to evidence or reflect the contemplated transactions (including the execution and delivery of all documents, certificates, agreements and
instruments reasonably necessary for all filings hereunder); (ii) to give all notices required to be made and given by such party in connection with the
contemplated transactions; and (iii) to obtain each approval, consent, ratification, permission and waiver of authorization required to be obtained from a
governmental body or a party to any material contract; provided, that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Merger Agreement, in
no event shall (A) Keryx or Akebia or any of their respective subsidiaries be required to pay any fee, penalty or other consideration to any third party for
any approval, consent, ratification, permission or waiver of authorization required to be obtained from parties to any material contracts or (B) the receipt
of any such approval, consent, ratification, permission or waiver of authorization required to be obtained from parties to any contracts be a condition to
any party’s obligations.

Indemnification Covenant

For a period of no less than six years from the Effective Time, Akebia shall maintain in effect exculpation, indemnification and advancement of
expenses provisions no less favorable than those found in the organizational documents of Keryx, and shall not amend, repeal, or otherwise modify any
such provisions in any manner that would adversely affect the rights thereunder of any individuals who immediately before the Effective Time were
current or former directors or officers of Keryx.

Akebia shall indemnify and hold harmless each present (as of the Effective Time) or former director or officer of Keryx (each, together with such
person’s heirs, executors, or administrators, an “Indemnified Party”), against all obligations to pay a judgment, damages, settlement, or fine or penalty,
and reasonable expenses (including legal expenses) incurred in connection with any action or claim, whether civil, criminal,
 

150



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 163/209

Table of Contents

administrative, arbitrative, or investigative, and whether formal or informal, by reason of the fact that the Indemnified Party is or was an officer, director,
employee, fiduciary, or agent of Keryx or its subsidiaries, or of another entity if such service was at the request of Keryx, whether asserted or claimed
prior to, at, or after the Effective Time, to the fullest extent provided for under existing arrangements disclosed to Akebia prior to the date of the Merger
Agreement.

Employee Matters

For all purposes under employee benefit plans that Akebia or any of its subsidiaries sponsor, maintain, contribute to or is obligated to contribute to
(other than certain non-U.S., government-sponsored plans) (each, an “Akebia Plan”) providing benefits to any employees after the Effective Time (the
“New Plans”), Akebia shall use reasonable best efforts to cause each individual who is an employee of Keryx or its subsidiaries as of the Effective Time
(a “Keryx Employee”) to be credited with his or her years of service with Keryx and its subsidiaries before the Effective Time for purposes of vesting,
benefits eligibility, and level of benefits, and each individual who is an employee of Akebia or its subsidiaries as of the Effective Time (an “Akebia
Employee”) to be credited with his or her years of service with Akebia and its subsidiaries before the Effective Time for such purposes, to the same
extent as such Keryx Employee or Akebia Employee, as applicable, was entitled, before the Effective Time, to be credited for such service under any
similar employee benefit plan that Keryx or any of its respective subsidiaries sponsors, maintains, contributes to or is obligated to contribute to (other
than certain non-U.S., government-sponsored plans) (each, a “Keryx Plan”) or Akebia Plan, as applicable, except to the extent such recognition would
result in a duplication of benefits or to the extent Keryx Employees and Akebia Employees are equally affected without regard to employment prior to
the Effective Time.

Akebia or its affiliates shall use commercially reasonable efforts to: (x) cause, with respect to any New Plans in which the Keryx Employees
commence to participate following the Closing Date, each Keryx Employee to be immediately eligible to participate in such New Plans, without any
waiting time, to the extent coverage under such New Plans replaces coverage under a Keryx Plan and (y) for purposes of each New Plan providing
medical, dental, pharmaceutical, and/or vision benefits to any Keryx Employee, cause all pre-existing condition exclusions and actively-at-work
requirements of such New Plan to be waived for such Keryx Employee and his or her covered dependents, to the extent any such exclusions or
requirements were waived or were inapplicable under any Keryx Plan. Akebia or its affiliates shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause any
eligible expenses incurred by such Keryx Employee and his or her covered dependents during the portion of the plan year of the Keryx Plan ending on
the date such Keryx Employee’s participation in the corresponding New Plan begins to be taken into account under such New Plan for purposes of
satisfying all deductible, coinsurance, and maximum out-of-pocket requirements applicable to such Keryx Employee and his or her covered dependents
for the applicable plan year as if such amounts had been paid in accordance with such New Plan.

Keryx has adopted a change in control severance plan that is equivalent to Akebia’s Change in Control Severance Program such that each Keryx
Employee who is based in the U.S. (other than a temporary or leased employee) will be eligible to receive benefits and payments pursuant to the terms
of such program, unless such Keryx Employee has an agreement with Keryx that contains severance provisions that are greater in the aggregate than
those provided under such agreement, in which case, such agreement will control.

Other Agreements

The Merger Agreement contains certain other covenants and agreements, including covenants and agreements requiring, among other things, and
subject to certain exceptions and qualifications described in the Merger Agreement:
 

 •  cooperation between Keryx and Akebia in the preparation of this joint proxy statement/prospectus;
 

 •  confidentiality and access by each party to certain information about the other party during the period prior to the Effective Time;
 

151



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 164/209

Table of Contents

 •  cooperation between Keryx and Akebia in the defense or settlement of any shareholder litigation relating to the Merger;
 

 •  cooperation between Keryx and Akebia in connection with public announcements;
 

 •  giving prompt notice to the other party upon the occurrence of certain events;
 

 
•  taking all steps as may be required to cause each individual who is subject to reporting requirements under Section 16(a) of the Exchange

Act as a result of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement to be exempt under Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act;
 

 
•  the use of each party’s reasonable best efforts to cause the Merger to qualify as a “reorganization” within the meaning of Section 368(a) of

the Code;
 

 
•  taking any actions and grant any approvals necessary, in accordance with the Merger Agreement, to consummate the contemplated

transactions in the event that a takeover law becomes, or purports to be, applicable to the contemplated transactions;
 

 
•  obtaining the resignation of any directors of Keryx or directors of Akebia, effective as of the Effective Time, who will not be on the Akebia

Board following the Effective Time; and
 

 
•  cooperation between Keryx and Akebia in facilitating the conversion of the Convertible Notes in accordance with the Conversion

Agreement.

Termination of the Merger Agreement

The Merger Agreement may be terminated at any time before the Effective Time in any of the following ways:
 

 •  by mutual written consent of Keryx and Akebia; or
 

 •  by either Keryx or Akebia if:
 

 

•  the contemplated transactions violate any order, decree or ruling of any court or governmental body that has become final and non-
appealable or there shall be a law that makes the contemplated transactions illegal or otherwise prohibited; provided, however, that
this termination right shall not be available to any party whose action or failure to act has been the primary cause of the failure of the
Merger to occur on or before such date and such action or failure to act constitutes a breach of the Merger Agreement by such party;

 

 
•  the Merger has not been consummated by the Termination Date; provided, that this termination right shall not be available to any

party whose action or failure to act has been the primary cause of the failure of the Merger to occur on or before such date and such
action or failure to act constitutes a breach of the Merger Agreement by such party;

 

 

•  the approval of the Keryx Merger Proposal shall not have been obtained at the Keryx Special Meeting; provided, that this
termination right shall not be available to any party whose action or failure to act has been the primary cause of the failure of the
Merger to occur on or before such date and such action or failure to act constitutes a breach of the Merger Agreement by such party;
or

 

 
•  the approval of the Akebia Share Issuance Proposal shall not have been obtained at the Akebia Special Meeting; provided, that this

termination right shall not be available to any party whose action or failure to act has been the primary cause of the failure of the
Merger to occur on or before such date and such action or failure to act constitutes a breach of the Merger Agreement by such party;

 

 •  by Akebia:
 

 
•  at any time prior to the Effective Time, if any of Keryx’s covenants, representations or warranties contained in the Merger

Agreement shall be or have become untrue, such that the conditions to
 

152



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 165/209

Table of Contents

 
Akebia’s obligations to consummate the Merger would not be satisfied, and such breach is (A) is incapable of being cured by Keryx
or (B) is not cured within 30 days of receipt by Keryx of written notice of such breach describing in reasonable detail such breach;

 

 
•  if Keryx materially breaches the non-solicitation provisions of the Merger Agreement or the Keryx Board or any committee thereof

(A) makes a Keryx Adverse Recommendation Change, (B) does not include the Keryx Recommendation in the joint proxy
statement/prospectus or (C) publicly proposes or allows Keryx to publicly propose to take any of the actions in clause (A) or (B); or

 

 

•  at any time prior to obtaining the approval of the Akebia Share Issuance Proposal (and subject to termination fee provisions of the
Merger Agreement described under “—Termination Fees and Expenses” below), upon written notice to Keryx, in order to enter into
a definitive agreement with a third party providing for a Superior Proposal with respect to Akebia, if in connection with such
Superior Proposal, it has complied in all respects (other than immaterial non-compliance) with the non-solicitation provisions of the
Merger Agreement, and substantially concurrently with such termination Akebia enters into such definitive agreement;

 

 •  by Keryx:
 

 

•  at any time prior to the Effective Time, if any of Akebia’s or Merger Sub’s covenants, representations or warranties contained in the
Merger Agreement shall be or have become untrue, such that the conditions to Keryx’s obligations to consummate the Merger would
not be satisfied, and such breach (A) is incapable of being cured by Akebia or Merger Sub, as the case may be, or (B) is not cured
within 30 days of receipt by Akebia of written notice of such breach describing in reasonable detail such breach;

 

 

•  if Akebia materially breaches the non-solicitation provisions of the Merger Agreement or the Akebia Board or any committee
thereof (A) makes an Akebia Adverse Recommendation Change, (B) does not include the Akebia Recommendation in the joint
proxy statement/prospectus or (C) publicly proposes to or allows Akebia to publicly propose to take any of the actions in clause
(A) or (B); or

 

 

•  at any time prior to approval of the Keryx Merger Proposal (and subject to the termination fee provisions of the Merger Agreement
described under “—Termination Fees and Expenses” below), upon written notice to Akebia, in order to enter into a definitive
agreement with a third party providing for a Superior Proposal with respect to Keryx, if in connection with such Superior Proposal, it
has complied in all respects (other than immaterial non-compliance) with the non-solicitation provisions of the Merger Agreement
and substantially concurrently with such termination Keryx enters into such definitive agreement.

If the Merger Agreement is validly terminated, the Merger Agreement will become void and of no effect without liability of any party to any other
party, except that certain designated provisions, including the provisions regarding termination fees, will survive termination.

Termination Fees and Expenses

Termination Fee Payable by Keryx

Keryx has agreed to pay Akebia a termination fee of $22 million (less any amount previously paid for expenses up to $6 million dollars) if:
 

 
•  Akebia terminates the Merger Agreement because Keryx has breached in any material respect any of its non-solicitation obligations under

the Merger Agreement;
 

 
•  Akebia terminates the Merger Agreement because the Keryx Board has effected a Keryx Adverse Recommendation Change, does not

include the Keryx Recommendation in this joint proxy statement/prospectus, or publicly proposes or allows Keryx to publicly propose any
of the foregoing actions;

 
153



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 166/209

Table of Contents

 
•  Keryx terminates the Merger Agreement because, prior to the approval of the Keryx Merger Proposal, the Keryx Board determines to enter

into a definitive written agreement with a third party providing for a Superior Proposal with respect to Keryx; or
 

 

•  if, concurrently with or within 12 months after any such termination under which expenses incurred by Akebia in connection with the
Merger Agreement and the other transactions contemplated thereby shall be paid to Akebia, Keryx enters into a definitive agreement with
respect to, or otherwise consummates, any Acquisition Proposal with respect to Keryx (substituting 50% for the 20% threshold set forth in
the definition of “Acquisition Proposal” for all purposes under this section), then Keryx shall pay to Akebia the termination fee less
expenses, to the extent previously paid, as promptly as possible (but in any event not later than one business day after entry into such
definitive agreement (or earlier consummation of such Acquisition Proposal)).

Termination Fee Payable by Akebia

Akebia has agreed to pay Keryx a termination fee of $22 million (less any amount previously paid for expenses up to $6 million dollars) if:
 

 
•  Keryx terminates the Merger Agreement because Akebia has breached in any material respect any of its non-solicitation obligations under

the Merger Agreement;
 

 
•  Keryx terminates the Merger Agreement because the Akebia Board has effected a Akebia Adverse Recommendation Change, does not

include the Akebia Recommendation in this joint proxy statement/prospectus, or publicly proposes or allows Akebia to publicly propose any
of the foregoing actions;

 

 
•  Akebia terminates the Merger Agreement because, prior to the approval of the Akebia Share Issuance Proposal, the Akebia Board

determines to enter into a definitive written agreement with a third party providing for a Superior Proposal with respect to Akebia; or
 

 

•  if, concurrently with or within 12 months after any such termination under which incurred by Keryx in connection with the Merger
Agreement and the other transactions contemplated thereby shall be paid to Keryx, Akebia enters into a definitive agreement with respect to,
or otherwise consummates, any Acquisition Proposal with respect to Akebia (substituting 50% for the 20% threshold set forth in the
definition of “Acquisition Proposal” for all purposes under this section), then Akebia shall pay to Keryx the Termination Fee less Expenses,
to the extent previously paid, as promptly as possible (but in any event not later than one business day after entry into such definitive
agreement (or earlier consummation of such Acquisition Proposal)).

Expense Reimbursement Payable by Keryx

Keryx has agreed to pay Akebia an expense reimbursement fee equal to the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees and expenses incurred
by Akebia in connection with the Merger Agreement and the other transactions contemplated thereby, in an amount not to exceed $6 million dollars
(credited against the $22 million termination fee) if, in the event that, prior to the Keryx Special Meeting, an Acquisition Proposal with respect to Keryx
is publicly proposed, publicly disclosed or communicated to the Keryx Board and not subsequently withdrawn and the Merger Agreement is terminated:
 

 
•  by Akebia because Keryx has breached or failed to perform any of its representations, warranties, covenants or closing conditions contained

in the Merger Agreement, which breach or failure to perform (A) is incapable of being cured by Keryx or (B) is not cured within 30 days of
receipt by Keryx of written notice of such breach describing in reasonable detail such breach;

 

 •  by either Keryx or Akebia due to the Termination Date occurring; or
 

 •  by either Akebia or Keryx because the approval of the Keryx Merger Proposal shall not have been obtained at the Keryx Special Meeting.
 

154



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 167/209

Table of Contents

The $6 million expense reimbursement shall also be paid by Keryx to Akebia in the event that concurrently with such termination of the Merger
Agreement described above or within 12 months of such termination, Keryx enters into a definitive agreement or completes an “Acquisition Proposal”
as defined in the Merger Agreement, provided that the threshold of 50% in such definition shall be substituted with a 20% threshold.

Expense Reimbursement Payable by Akebia

Akebia has agreed to pay Keryx an expense reimbursement fee equal to the reasonable and documented out of pocket fees and expenses incurred
by Keryx in connection with the Merger Agreement and the other transactions contemplated thereby, in an amount not to exceed $6 million dollars
(credited against the $22 million termination fee) if, in the event that, prior to the Akebia Special Meeting, an Acquisition Proposal with respect to
Akebia is publicly proposed, publicly disclosed or communicated to the Keryx Board and not subsequently withdrawn and the Merger Agreement is
terminated:
 

 
•  by Keryx because Akebia has breached or failed to perform any of its representations, warranties, covenants or closing conditions contained

in the Merger Agreement, which breach or failure to perform (i) is incapable of being cured by Akebia or (ii) is not cured within 30 days of
receipt by Akebia of written notice of such breach describing in reasonable detail such breach;

 

 •  by either Akebia or Keryx due to the Termination Date occurring; or
 

 
•  by either Akebia or Keryx because the approval of the Akebia Share Issuance Proposal shall not have been obtained at the Akebia Special

Meeting.

The $6 million expense reimbursement shall also be paid by Akebia to Keryx in the event that concurrently with such termination of the Merger
Agreement described above or within 12 months of such termination, Akebia enters into a definitive agreement or completes an “Acquisition Proposal”
as defined in the Merger Agreement, provided that the threshold of 50% in such definition shall be substituted with a 20% threshold.

The term “Superior Proposal” has the meaning described under “—No Solicitation” beginning on page 147 of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.

Exclusive Remedy

If either party pays a termination fee in accordance with the provisions of the Merger Agreement, payment of such termination fee shall be the
sole and exclusive remedy available to Keryx against Akebia or Akebia against Keryx, as the case may be, or any of its former, current or future equity
holders, directors, officers, affiliates, agents or representatives with respect to the Merger Agreement and the contemplated transactions in the event that
the Merger Agreement is terminated by Akebia or Keryx under circumstances requiring the payment of the termination fee shall be the sole and
exclusive remedy of the non-terminating party and its affiliates against any other party or such other party’s shareholders, directors, officers, affiliates
and other representatives, for any loss or damage based upon, arising out of or relating to the Merger Agreement or the negotiation, execution or
performance thereof or the transactions contemplated thereby, except in the case of any liability for fraud or damages resulting from material breach of
the Merger Agreement that is a consequence of an act or omission intentionally undertaken by the breaching party with knowledge that such act or
omission would result in a material breach of the Merger Agreement.

If a party fails to pay a termination fee or an expense reimbursement fee that is due and, in order to obtain such payment, the other party
commences a suit that results in a judgment against such party for such amounts, such party shall pay interest on such amounts, together with the costs
and expenses of the other party (including attorneys’ fees) in connection with such suit.
 

155



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 168/209

Table of Contents

Other Expenses

Except as described above, the Merger Agreement provides that each of Akebia and Keryx will pay its own costs and expenses in connection with
the negotiation of the Merger Agreement, the performance of its obligations hereunder and the consummation of the contemplated transactions, whether
consummated or not.

Specific Performance

The parties to the Merger Agreement are entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of the Merger Agreement and to specifically
enforce the terms and provisions of the Merger Agreement in any court having jurisdiction, without posting any bond or other undertaking.

Third-Party Beneficiaries

The Merger Agreement is not intended to and does not confer upon any person other than the parties to the Merger Agreement any legal or
equitable rights or remedies, except the right of the indemnified persons to enforce the obligations described under “—Indemnification Covenant”
beginning on page 150 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

Amendments; Waivers

Prior to the Effective Time, any provision of the Merger Agreement may be amended if the amendment is in writing and signed by each party to
the Merger Agreement; provided, however, after receipt of the approval of the Keryx Merger Proposal or the of the Akebia Share Issuance Proposal, no
amendment shall be made which requires the further approval of the Keryx shareholders or Akebia shareholders.

Any provision of the Merger Agreement may be waived if the waiver is in writing and signed by each party against whom the waiver is to be
effective; provided, however, after receipt of the approval of the Keryx Merger Proposal or the approval of the Akebia Share Issuance Proposal, no
waiver shall be made which requires the further approval of the Keryx shareholders or Akebia shareholders. Provided further that no party may waive,
and no party shall be deemed to have waived, any provision of the Merger Agreement without the prior written consent of the other parties, to the extent
any such waiver would give rise to a termination event under the Keryx Voting Agreement or the Akebia Voting Agreement.

AKEBIA AND KERYX UNAUDITED PRO FORMA
CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

On June 28, 2018, Keryx, Akebia, and Merger Sub, entered into the Merger Agreement. The merger contemplated by the Merger Agreement will
be implemented through a merger of Merger Sub with and into Keryx, with Keryx becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of Akebia.

The following unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements have been prepared to illustrate the estimated effects of the Merger.
The unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet as of June 30, 2018 reflects pro forma adjustments to the financial position of Akebia to
give effect to the Merger as if it had occurred on June 30, 2018. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of operations for the year
ended December 31, 2017 and the six months ended June 30, 2018, reflect pro forma adjustments to the results of operations of Akebia to give effect to
the Merger as if it had occurred on January 1, 2017.

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements are based on, and should be read in conjunction with:
 

 
•  the historical audited consolidated financial statements of Akebia as of and for the year ended December 31, 2017, which are incorporated

by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus;
 

156



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 169/209

Table of Contents

 
•  the historical audited consolidated financial statements of Keryx as of and for the year ended December 31, 2017, which are incorporated by

reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus;
 

 
•  the historical unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of Akebia as of and for the six months ended June 30, 2018, which are

incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus; and
 

 
•  the historical unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of Keryx as of and for the six months ended June 30, 2018, which are

incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements have been prepared by Akebia management for illustrative purposes only and
are not necessarily indicative of the consolidated financial position or results of operations that would have been realized had the Merger occurred as of
the dates indicated, nor is it meant to be indicative of any future consolidated financial position or future results of operations that the combined
company will experience. The historical consolidated financial information has been adjusted in the accompanying unaudited pro forma condensed
combined financial statements to give pro forma effect to events that are (1) directly attributable to the Merger, (2) factually supportable and (3) with
respect to the unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of operations, expected to have a continuing impact on the combined results. The pro
forma adjustments included in the accompanying unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements are based on currently available data
and assumptions that Akebia believes are reasonable. However, the unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of operations do not include
the impacts of any revenue, cost or other operating synergies that may result from the Merger or any non-recurring activity and one-time transaction-
related costs.

In the accompanying unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements, the Merger has been accounted for as a business combination
using the acquisition method of accounting under the provisions of Accounting Standards Codification 805 (“ASC 805”). Under ASC 805, Akebia, as
the accounting acquirer, records assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination at their fair values as of the acquisition date. Fair
value measurements can be highly subjective and the reasonable application of measurement principles may result in a range of alternative estimates
using the same facts and circumstances. Under ASC 805, transaction costs are not included as a component of consideration transferred and are
expensed as incurred. The excess of the purchase price (consideration transferred) over the aggregate estimated fair value of identifiable assets and
liabilities as of the acquisition date is allocated to goodwill in accordance with ASC 805. The final valuation of assets acquired and liabilities assumed
related to the Merger is expected to be completed as soon as practicable, but no later than one year after the consummation of the Merger. The allocation
of purchase consideration reflected in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements is preliminary and will be adjusted based on the
fair value of purchase consideration on the date of the Merger and upon completion of Akebia’s final valuations of the fair value of the assets acquired
and liabilities assumed of Keryx as of the date of the Merger, which requires extensive use of accounting estimates and management judgment.
Although Akebia believes the fair values assigned to the assets to be acquired and liabilities to be assumed to be reflected in the unaudited pro forma
condensed combined financial statements are based on reasonable estimates and assumptions using currently available data, the results of the final
allocation could be materially different from the preliminary allocations, including, but not limited to, the allocations related to the components of
working capital, identifiable intangible assets, goodwill, property and equipment, inventory, license arrangements, supply agreements recorded within
other assets, leases and deferred income taxes as well as any resulting impacts to depreciation, amortization and income tax expense.
 

157



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 170/209

Table of Contents

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED BALANCE SHEET
AS OF JUNE 30, 2018

(In thousands)
 

   
Historical

Akebia   
Historical

Keryx   

Merger
Pro Forma

Adjustments  Notes   
Pro Forma
Combined  

      (Note 4)        
Assets       
Current assets:       

Cash and cash equivalents   $ 163,526  $ 49,458  $ (4,925)   (6a)   $ 208,059 
Available for sale securities    238,597   —    —      238,597 
Inventory    —    48,584   116,055   (6b)    164,639 
Accounts receivable, net    132   15,430   —      15,562 
Prepaid expenses and other current assets    5,162   12,142   —      17,304 

    
 

   
 

   
 

    
 

Total current assets    407,417   125,614   111,130    644,161 
Property and equipment, net    3,726   4,097   —      7,823 
Goodwill    —    3,208   13,981   (6c)    17,189 
Other intangible assets, net    —    —    263,370   (6d)    263,370 
Other assets    2,638   12,732   —      15,370 

    
 

   
 

   
 

    
 

Total assets   $ 413,781  $ 145,651  $ 388,481   $ 947,913 
    

 

   

 

   

 

    

 

Liabilities and stockholders’ equity       
Current liabilities:       

Accounts payable   $ 4,795  $ 17,583  $ —     $ 22,378 
Accrued expenses    81,012   37,064   21,643   (6e)    139,719 
Short-term deferred revenue    78,613   —    —      78,613 
Other current liabilities    —    402   (402)   (6f, g)    —  

    
 

   
 

   
 

    
 

Total current liabilities    164,420   55,049   21,241    240,710 
Deferred rent, net of current portion    2,478   1,706   (1,706)   (6f, g)    2,478 
Convertible senior notes    —    130,088   (130,088)   (6h)    —  
Deferred revenue, net of current portion    80,890   —    —      80,890 
Other long-term liabilities    69   —    —      69 

    
 

   
 

   
 

    
 

Total liabilities    247,857   186,843   (110,553)    324,147 
    

 
   

 
   

 
    

 

Commitments and contingencies       
Stockholders’ equity:       

Common stock    1   120   (119)   (6h, i, j)    2 
Additional paid-in capital    594,676   1,000,381   (490,223)   (6h, i, j, k)    1,104,834 
Treasury stock, at cost    —    (357)  357   (6j)    —  
Accumulated other comprehensive loss    (459)  —    —     (459) 
Accumulated deficit    (428,294)  (1,041,336)  989,019   (6e, h, j, k)   (480,611)

    
 

   
 

   
 

    
 

Total stockholders’ equity (deficit)    165,924   (41,192)  499,034    623,766 
    

 
   

 
   

 
    

 

Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity (deficit)   $ 413,781  $ 145,651  $ 388,481   $ 947,913 
    

 

   

 

   

 

    

 

See accompanying notes to the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements.
 

158



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 171/209

Table of Contents

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2017
(In thousands, except share and per share data)

 

   
Historical

Akebia   
Historical

Keryx   

Merger
Pro Forma

Adjustments   Notes  
Pro Forma
Combined  

      (Note 4)          
Revenues:       

Product revenue, net   $ —    $ 55,514  $ —     $ 55,514 
License, collaboration and other revenue    177,984   5,127   1,500  (3)   184,611 

    
 

   
 

   
 

    
 

Total revenues    177,984   60,641   1,500    240,125 
Cost and expenses:       

Cost of goods sold    —     21,955   58,060  (7a, b, c)  80,015 
Amortization of intangibles    —     —     29,263  (7d)   29,263 
Research and development    230,893   37,679   348  (7a, b)   268,920 
Selling, general and administrative    27,008   99,622   1,397  (7a, b)   128,027 
License expense    —     3,076   900  (3)   3,976 

    
 

   
 

   
 

    
 

Total cost and expenses    257,901   162,332   89,968    510,201 
Loss from operations    (79,917)   (101,691)   (88,468)    (270,076) 
Non-operating income (expense):       

Interest income    2,799   707   —      3,506 
Other income (expense)    204   274   (225)  (7f)   253 
Amortization of debt discount    —     (62,965)   62,965  (7f)   —   

    
 

   
 

   
 

    
 

Loss before income taxes    (76,914)   (163,675)   (25,728)    (266,317) 
Income tax (benefit) expense    —     (235)   —      (235) 

    
 

   
 

   
 

    
 

Net loss   $ (76,914)  $ (163,440)  $ (25,728)   $ (266,082) 
    

 

   

 

   

 

    

 

Net loss per share, basic and diluted   $ (1.77)  $ (1.43)   (7g)  $ (2.57) 
    

 

   

 

     

 

Weighted average common shares outstanding, basic
and diluted    43,500,795   114,507,668   59,898,637  (7h)   103,399,432 

    

 

   

 

     

 

See accompanying notes to the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements.
 

159



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 172/209

Table of Contents

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2018

(In thousands, except share and per share data)
 

   
Historical

Akebia   
Historical

Keryx   

Merger
Pro Forma

Adjustments   Notes  
Pro Forma
Combined  

      (Note 4)          
Revenues:       

Product revenue, net   $ —    $ 44,727  $ —     $ 44,727 
License, collaboration and other revenue    94,723   2,773   —      97,496 

    
 

   
 

   
 

    
 

Total revenues    94,723   47,500   —      142,223 
Cost and expenses:       

Cost of goods sold    —     17,029   29,023  (7b, c)  46,052 
Amortization of intangibles    —     —     14,632  (7d)   14,632 
Research and development    133,321   17,162   82  (7b)   150,565 
Selling, general and administrative    21,562   54,548   (8,274)  (7b, e)  67,836 
License expense    —     1,664   —      1,664 

    
 

   
 

   
 

    
 

Total cost and expenses    154,883   90,403   35,463    280,749 
Loss from operations    (60,160)   (42,903)   (35,463)    (138,526) 
Non-operating income (expense):       

Interest income    2,637   380   —      3,017 
Other income (expense)    36   (209)   —    (7f)   (173) 
Amortization of debt discount    —     (1,316)   1,316  (7f)   —   

    
 

   
 

   
 

    
 

Loss before income taxes    (57,487)   (44,048)   (34,147)    (135,682) 
Income tax (benefit) expense    —     (634)   —      (634) 

    
 

   
 

   
 

    
 

Net loss   $ (57,487)  $ (43,414)  $ (34,147)   $ (135,048) 
    

 

   

 

   

 

    

 

Net loss per share, basic and diluted   $ (1.09)  $ (0.36)   (7g)  $ (1.20) 
    

 

   

 

     

 

Weighted average common shares outstanding, basic
and diluted    52,774,794   120,149,604   59,898,637  (7h)   112,673,431 

    

 

   

 

     

 

See accompanying notes to the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements.
 

160



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 173/209

Table of Contents

Notes to the Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Statements

1. Description of Transaction and Basis of Presentation

Description of Transaction

On June 28, 2018, Keryx, Akebia, and Merger Sub, entered into the Merger Agreement. The merger contemplated by the Merger Agreement will
be implemented through a merger of Merger Sub with and into Keryx, with Keryx becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of Akebia.

Simultaneously with the execution of the Merger Agreement, Akebia entered into the Keryx Voting Agreement with Baupost, a beneficial owner
of approximately 21% of the outstanding Keryx Shares as of the record date for the Keryx Special Meeting, and the Notes Conversion Agreement,
defined below. Pursuant to the Voting Agreement, Baupost agreed, among other things, to vote its shares in favor of the adoption of the Merger
Agreement and against any alternative proposal and against approval of any proposal made in opposition to, in competition with, or inconsistent with,
the Merger Agreement or the Merger or any other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. Pursuant to the Notes Conversion Agreement,
Baupost agreed to convert the Convertible Notes into 35,582,335 Keryx Shares in accordance with the terms of the governing Indenture immediately
prior to the Effective Time, conditioned upon the issuance to Baupost of an additional 4,000,000 Keryx Shares which such additional shares will become
Akebia Shares upon consummation of the Merger. The Notes Conversion Agreement provides that Akebia will execute a registration rights agreement
with Baupost, to provide customary registration rights for any Akebia Shares held by Baupost following the consummation of the Merger. Akebia’s
obligation to consummate the Merger is subject to the conversion of the Convertible Notes into Keryx Shares in accordance with the terms of the Notes
Conversion Agreement among Akebia, Keryx and Baupost.

At the Effective Time of the Merger, each Keryx Share issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time of the Merger will be
cancelled and become the right to receive 0.37433, fully paid and non-assessable Akebia Shares. The Merger Agreement also provides that at the
Effective Time, each Keryx Share that is subject to a Keryx Restricted Share, other than those Keryx Restricted Shares that accelerate or lapse as a result
of the completion of the Merger, will convert into restricted stock unit awards of Akebia, the number of which will be adjusted in accordance with the
Exchange Multiplier, and in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement. In addition, each outstanding and unexercised option to acquire Keryx
Shares granted under the Keryx equity plan will become an option to acquire Akebia Shares, with the number of shares and exercise price adjusted by
the Exchange Multiplier, in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement. Immediately following the Effective Time, Keryx shareholders and
Akebia shareholders are expected to own approximately 50.6% and 49.4%, respectively, of the Akebia Shares, calculated based on the companies’ fully
diluted market capitalizations as of the signing of the Merger Agreement and also taking into account the Additional Shares expected to be issued to
Baupost in connection with the conversion of the Convertible Notes under the Notes Conversion Agreement prior to the Effective Time.

2. Basis of Presentation

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements were prepared using the historical financial statements of Akebia and Keryx,
which are prepared in accordance with GAAP, and include pro forma adjustments to present the pro forma financial position and results of operations of
the combined company pursuant to the rules and regulations of Article 11 of Regulation S-X of the SEC. The historical financial statements of Akebia
and Keryx have only been adjusted to show pro forma effects that are (i) directly attributable to the Merger, (ii) factually supportable, and (iii) with
respect to the unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of operations, expected to have a continuing impact on the combined results.

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet as of June 30, 2018 was prepared using the historical unaudited condensed
consolidated balance sheets of Akebia and Keryx as of June 30, 2018 and gives
 

161



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 174/209

Table of Contents

effect to the Merger as if it occurred on June 30, 2018. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of operations for the year ended
December 31, 2017 and the six months ended June 30, 2018 give effect to the Merger as if it occurred on January 1, 2017 and were prepared using:
 

 •  the historical audited consolidated financial statements of Akebia as of and for the year ended December 31, 2017;
 

 •  the historical audited consolidated financial statements of Keryx as of and for the year ended December 31, 2017;
 

 •  the historical unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of Akebia as of and for the six months ended June 30, 2018; and
 

 •  the historical unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of Keryx as of and for the six months ended June 30, 2018.

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements do not include the impacts of any revenue, cost or other operating synergies
that may result from the Merger or the impact of any non-recurring activity and one-time transaction-related costs. Akebia and Keryx have just recently
begun collecting information in order to formulate detailed integration plans to deliver planned synergies. However, during the preparation of the
accompanying unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements, the status of the integration plans was too uncertain to include any
financial impact in the unaudited pro forma combined financial information.

3. Accounting Policies

During the preparation of the accompanying unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements, Akebia was aware of one material
difference between Akebia’s accounting policies and the accounting policies of Keryx. Akebia and Keryx both adopted ASC Topic 606, Revenue from
Contracts with Customers (“ASC 606”), on January 1, 2018. Akebia adopted ASC 606 using the full retrospective transition method, which resulted in
$3.2 million of additional revenue for the year ended December 31, 2017. Akebia’s historical financial information presented in the unaudited pro forma
condensed combined statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2017, have been accounted for under the provisions of ASC 605 and will
not be recast to reflect the provisions of ASC 606 until the filing of Akebia’s 2018 annual report on Form 10-K as the adoption of ASC 606 does not
represent a fundamental change to Akebia’s historical financial statements. Akebia’s historical financial information presented in the unaudited pro
forma condensed combined statements of operations for the six months ended June 30, 2018, have been accounted for under the provisions of ASC 606.
Keryx adopted ASC 606 using the modified retrospective transition method. Keryx’s historical financial information presented in the unaudited pro
forma condensed combined statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2017 were accounted for under ASC Topic 605, Revenue
Recognition (“ASC 605”) and for the six months ended June 30, 2018, have been accounted for under the provisions of ASC 606. As a result, as of
January 1, 2018, Keryx began recognizing license royalty revenue based on its estimate of license royalties in the quarter in which the underlying sale
occurs. This differs from its historical practice of recognizing license royalty revenue one quarter in arrears once a net sales report was received from its
customer. As a result of this change in timing of revenue recognition for license royalty revenue, Keryx recorded a net adjustment of $0.6 million to
retained earnings (accumulated deficit) as of the adoption date, representing the net impact to its statement of operations based on net sales during the
fourth quarter of 2017. This pro forma adjustment reflects the net change of a $1.5 million increase to license, collaboration and other revenue and a
$0.9 million increase to license expense that would have been recorded in the year ended December 31, 2017 had Keryx adopted ASC 606 under the full
retrospective transition method.

Following the consummation of the Merger, Akebia will conduct a more detailed review of Keryx’s accounting policies. As a result, Akebia may
identify other differences between the accounting policies of the two companies that, when conformed, could have had a material impact on the
accompanying unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements.
 

162



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 175/209

Table of Contents

4. Reclassifications

Financial information presented in the “Historical Keryx” columns in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet and the
unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of operations has been reclassified to conform to the presentation in Akebia’s historical
consolidated financial statements, as follows (in thousands):
 
As of June 30, 2018   

Before
Reclassification   Reclassification  Notes  

After
Reclassification 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses   $ 54,647   $ (37,064)  (1) $ 17,583 
Accrued expenses    —     37,064   (1)  37,064 
Deferred lease incentive, current portion    244    (244)  (2)  —  
Other current liabilities    158    244   (2)  402 
Deferred rent, net of current portion    895    811   (3)  1,706
Other long-term liabilities    811    (811)  (3)  —  

Year Ended December 31, 2017   
Before

Reclassification   Reclassification  Notes  
After

Reclassification 
License revenue   $ 5,127   $ (5,127)  (4) $ —  
License, collaboration and other revenue    —     5,127   (4)  5,127 

Six Months Ended June 30, 2018   
Before

Reclassification   Reclassification  Notes  
After

Reclassification 
License revenue   $ 2,773   $ (2,773)  (4) $ —  
License, collaboration and other revenue    —     2,773   (4)  2,773 
 
(1) $37.1 million has been reclassified from “Accounts payable and accrued expenses” to “Accrued expenses” in order to conform to the presentation

in Akebia’s historical unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet.
(2) $0.2 million has been reclassified from “Deferred lease incentive, current portion” to “Other current liabilities” in order to conform to the

presentation in Akebia’s historical unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet.
(3) $0.8 million has been reclassified from “Other long-term liabilities” to “Deferred rent, net of current portion” in order to conform to the

presentation in Akebia’s historical unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet.
(4) “License revenue” has been reclassified to “License, collaboration and other revenue” to conform to the presentation in Akebia’s historical

unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations.

5. Accounting for the Merger

Immediately following the Effective Time, Keryx shareholders and Akebia shareholders are expected to own approximately 50.6% and 49.4%,
respectively, of the Akebia Shares, calculated based on the companies’ fully diluted market capitalizations as of the signing of the Merger Agreement
and also taking into account the Additional Shares expected to be issued to Baupost in connection with the conversion of the Convertible Notes under
that certain Notes Conversion Agreement prior to the Effective Time. The fair value of the Additional Shares expected to be issued to Baupost as
converted to Akebia Shares of approximately $12.2 million has been excluded from the preliminary estimated purchase price below and has been treated
as a separate transaction in accordance with ASC 805, which states that a transaction entered into by or on behalf of the acquirer or primarily for the
benefit of the acquirer or the combined entity should be treated as a separate transaction.

Akebia expects that Keryx shareholders will be entitled to receive approximately 59,898,637 Akebia Shares upon consummation of the Merger. In
addition, pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, Akebia will substitute all outstanding Keryx Restricted Shares with Akebia RSU awards.
Akebia will also substitute all outstanding and unexercised Keryx Options granted under the Keryx equity plan with Akebia Options.
 

163



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 176/209

Table of Contents

The preliminary estimated purchase price, which represents the consideration paid in the Merger, is calculated based on (i) the number of Akebia
Shares that Keryx shareholders will own as of the Effective Time, excluding the Additional Shares expected to be issued to Baupost, and (ii) Keryx
equity awards that will be exchanged for Akebia equity awards. The accompanying unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements
reflect a preliminary estimated purchase price of approximately $480.9 million, which consists of the following (in thousands):
 

Fair value of Akebia Shares to be issued to shareholders of Keryx (1)   $ 474,803 
Fair value of Akebia RSUs to be issued as replacement awards (2)    1 
Fair value of Akebia stock options to be issued as replacement awards (3)    6,081 

    
 

Estimated purchase price   $ 480,885 
    

 

 
(1) Akebia expects that Keryx shareholders will be entitled to receive 59,898,637 Akebia Shares upon consummation of the Merger. The aggregate

fair value of those shares has been estimated using $8.13 per share, which was the last reported sale price of Akebia Shares on The Nasdaq Global
Market on October 25, 2018. Of the 59,898,637 Akebia Shares to be issued upon the consummation of the Merger, 1,497,320 Akebia Shares will
be converted from the Additional Shares and have been excluded from the above calculation of purchase price as these shares were issued as part
of a separate transaction (see Note 6h). The value of the purchase price consideration will change based on fluctuations in the price of Akebia
Shares and the number of Keryx Shares outstanding at the Effective Time.

(2) Akebia expects that it will issue Akebia RSU awards to receive approximately 862,612 Akebia Shares as replacement awards to the outstanding
Keryx Restricted Shares in connection with the Merger. The aggregate fair value of those awards of $7.0 million has been estimated using $8.13
per share, which was the last reported sale price of Akebia Shares on The Nasdaq Global Market on October 25, 2018. Of that amount, $1,220 was
allocated to purchase consideration, based on the portion of the replacement awards’ fair value attributable to precombination employee services,
and $7.0 million was allocated to future employee services and will be expensed as stock-based compensation on a straight-line basis over the
remaining service periods of those awards.

(3) Akebia expects that it will issue approximately 4,129,129 Akebia Options as replacement awards to outstanding and unexercised Keryx Options.
The aggregate fair value of those replacement awards of $14.2 million has been estimated using the Black Scholes option pricing model and $8.13
per share, which was the last reported sale price of Akebia Shares on The Nasdaq Global Market on October 25, 2018. Of that amount,
$6.1 million was allocated to purchase consideration, based on the portion of the replacement awards’ fair value attributable to precombination
employee services, and $8.1 million was allocated to future employee services and will be expensed as stock-based compensation on a straight-
line basis over the remaining service periods of those awards.

The preliminary estimated purchase price reflected in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements do not purport to
represent what the actual purchase consideration will be when the Merger closes. In accordance with ASC 805, the fair value of equity securities issued
as part of the consideration paid will be measured on the Closing Date of the Merger at the then-current market price. This requirement will likely result
in an actual per share fair value upon closing of the Merger that differs from the $8.13 per Akebia Share assumed in the unaudited pro forma combined
financial information, which was the last reported sale price of Akebia Shares on The Nasdaq Global Market on October 25, 2018, and the difference
may be significant. The market price of Akebia Shares when Keryx shareholders receive those shares after the Merger is completed could be greater
than, less than or the same as the market price of Akebia Shares on the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus. A change in the market price of
Akebia Shares would increase or decrease the purchase
 

164



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 177/209

Table of Contents

consideration, which would result in a corresponding increase or decrease to goodwill in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial
information.

The following summarizes the preliminary allocation of the estimated purchase price to be paid in the Merger as if it had been completed on
June 30, 2018 (in thousands):
 

Cash and cash equivalents   $ 44,533 
Inventory (1)    164,639 
Accounts receivable, net    15,430 
Prepaid expenses and other current assets    12,142 
Goodwill (1)    17,189 
Other intangible assets, net    263,370 
Property and equipment, net    4,097 
Other assets    12,732 
Accounts payable    (17,583)
Accrued expenses    (35,664)

    
 

Total estimated purchase price   $480,885 
    

 

 
(1) Any deferred tax liability associated with the preliminary fair value adjustments for the acquired inventory and identifiable intangible asset would

be fully offset with pre-existing deferred tax assets of Akebia and Keryx. Accordingly, no deferred tax liability was recorded. The final fair value
determination of deferred tax liability may differ from this preliminary determination, and such differences could be material.

6. Adjustments to Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Balance Sheet as of June 30, 2018
 

 

(a) Represents a decrease of cash and cash equivalents as a result of (i) $0.7 million of retention bonus payments to certain employees of Keryx,
and (ii) $3.7 million of payments related to Keryx’s transaction costs, of which $1.4 million was incurred and accrued as of June 30, 2018.
These payments are expected to be made by Keryx immediately prior to the consummation of the Merger. Separately, this pro forma
adjustment reflects a $0.5 million payment made to third party Panion & BF Biotech, Inc. (“Panion”) based on the Panion letter agreement
executed on October 24, 2018. This amount has been excluded from the unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of operations
because the charge is directly attributable to the Merger and will not have a continuing impact on the combined company’s operations;
however, the amount is reflected as an increase to goodwill in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet as of June 30,
3018.

 

 

(b) Represents an adjustment to record the acquired inventory of Keryx, including raw materials, work in process, and finished goods, at its
estimated fair value of $164.6 million. The fair value estimate of inventory is preliminary and is determined based on the estimated selling
price less the sum of (i) cost to complete (for the work in process), (ii) costs of disposal, and (iii) a profit allowance for the completion and
selling effort of the buyer. The final fair value determination of inventory may differ from this preliminary determination, and such
differences could be material.

 

 

(c) Reflects the adjustment to record goodwill of $17.2 million associated with the acquisition of Keryx, based on the preliminary purchase
price allocation, less a reversal of $3.2 million of historical Keryx goodwill associated with its prior acquisition. Goodwill represents the
excess of the preliminary estimated purchase price over the estimated fair values of net assets acquired. Goodwill will not be amortized and
is not expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. The fair value estimate for goodwill is preliminary. The final fair value
determination of goodwill may differ from this preliminary determination once Akebia’s valuation of the fair value of tangible and
intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed has been completed, and such differences could be material.

 

 
(d) Represents an adjustment to record the estimated acquired intangible asset of Keryx at its fair value. An identifiable intangible asset is

required to be measured at fair value which is determined based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset, based
on the most advantageous

 
165



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 178/209

Table of Contents

 market for that asset (i.e. its highest and best use). The identifiable intangible asset acquired consists of the currently marketed product:
 

   
Estimated Fair

Value    

Estimated
Useful Life

(Years)  
Auryxia currently marketed product   $ 263,370    9 

The estimated fair value of the acquired intangible asset is based on a preliminary valuation and is determined using the multi-period excess
earnings method which is a variation of the income approach, which is a valuation technique that provides an estimate of the fair value of an
asset based on the principle that the value of an intangible asset is equal to the present value of the incremental after-tax cash flows
attributable to the asset, after taking charges for the use of other assets employed by the business. Key estimates and assumptions used in
this model are projected revenues and expenses related to the asset, estimated contributory asset charges, and a risk-adjusted discount rate
used to calculate the present value of the future expected cash inflows from the asset. The estimated useful life of Auryxia is 9 years for
purposes of recognizing amortization expense. The fair value estimate for identified intangible asset is preliminary. The final fair value
determination of the identified intangible asset may differ from this preliminary determination, and such differences could be material.

 

 

(e) Represents an increase in accrued expenses, as well as a corresponding decrease to retained earnings, as a result of (i) $19.8 million of
transaction costs incurred by Akebia for the Merger after June 30, 2018, and (ii) $3.2 million of severance and bonus payments payable to
certain Keryx employees in connection with the Merger. The severance and bonus payments were determined to be for the benefit of Akebia
and will be recorded as expenses post-Merger in Akebia’s consolidated statement of operations. These amounts are excluded from the
unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of operations because they are charges directly attributable to the Merger that will not
have a continuing effect on the combined company’s continuing operation. The increase in accrued expenses is partially offset by $1.4
million of Keryx transaction costs, which was incurred and accrued as of June 30, 2018 and is expected to be paid by Keryx immediately
prior to the consummation of the Merger as described in Note (6a).

 

 
(f) Represents an adjustment of $0.2 million to other current liabilities and an adjustment of $0.8 million to deferred rent, net of current portion

to eliminate the deferred rent recorded in the Keryx historical unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet as of June 30, 2018, as a
result of the application of the acquisition method of accounting.

 

 
(g) Represents the adjustment of $0.2 million to other current liabilities and an adjustment of $0.9 million to other long-term liabilities to

eliminate the deferred lease incentives recorded in the Keryx historical unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet as of June 30, 2018,
as a result of the application of the acquisition method of accounting.

 

 
(h) Represents the adjustment to record the settlement of Keryx’s outstanding principal and debt discount in connection with the outstanding

Convertible Notes, held by Baupost, that will be converted into 35,582,335 Keryx Shares immediately prior to the consummation of the
Merger.

Separately, the pro forma adjustment reflects the Additional Shares that will be issued prior to the consummation of the Merger pursuant to
the Notes Conversion Agreement, which was entered into by Akebia, Keryx and Baupost simultaneously with the execution of the Merger
Agreement. The Note Conversion Agreement was entered into for the benefit of Akebia because Akebia’s obligation to consummate the
Merger is contingent upon the completion of the note conversion. Therefore, the Company has recorded $12.2 million of expense associated
with the Additional Shares as a separate transaction from the business combination by increasing additional paid-in capital and the
accumulated

 
166



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 179/209

Table of Contents

deficit. The net 39,582,335 Keryx Shares issued to Baupost prior to the consummation of the Merger will be converted into Akebia Shares
upon consummation of the Merger, with the number of shares adjusted by the Exchange Multiplier.

 

 

(i) Represents an aggregate adjustment to record an increase to common stock (at par value) of approximately $599 and an increase to
additional paid-in capital of $480.9 million resulting from (i) the issuance of 59,898,637 Akebia Shares, par value of $0.00001 per share, to
Keryx shareholders in connection with the Merger, including shares issued to Baupost in connection with the conversion of the Convertible
Notes and the Notes Conversion Agreement described in Note (6h); (ii) the additional paid-in capital of $1,220 related to the portion of the
fair value of the Keryx Restricted Shares expected to convert into Akebia RSU awards; and (iii) the additional paid-in capital of $6.1 million
related to the portion of the fair value of the Keryx Options expected to convert into Akebia Options, in connection with the Merger that
have been allocated to the purchase price (see Note 5).

 
 

(j) Represents an adjustment to eliminate Keryx’s historical equity of $41.2 million, which represents the historical book value of Keryx’s net
assets as of June 30, 2018, as a result of the application of the acquisition method of accounting.

 

 

(k) Represents an adjustment to (i) record a post-combination compensation expense of $11.5 million related to the automatic acceleration of
vesting of certain Akebia share-based awards; and (ii) record post-combination compensation expense of $5.6 million related to the decision
to accelerate certain unvested share-based awards of Keryx upon consummation of the Merger. These amounts are excluded from the
unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of operations because they are charges directly attributable to the Merger that will not
have a continuing impact on the combined company’s operations, however, the amounts are reflected as a reduction to retained earnings in
the unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet as of June 30, 3018.

7. Adjustments to Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Statements of Operations for the Year Ended December 31, 2017 and the Six
Months Ended June 30, 2018

 

 

(a) Represents incremental stock-based compensation expense related to approximately 862,612 Akebia RSU awards and approximately
4,129,129 Akebia Options that Akebia expects to be issued as replacement awards to Keryx Restricted Shares and Keryx Options,
respectively, in connection with the Merger (see Note 5). The aggregate fair value of those awards of $21.2 million has been estimated using
$8.13 per share, which was the last reported sale price of Akebia Shares on The Nasdaq Global Market on October 25, 2018. Of that
amount, $6.1 million was allocated to the purchase price and $15.1 million was allocated to future employee services. $5.6 million of the
$15.1 million is related to the accelerated vesting of certain share-based awards of Keryx in contemplation of the Merger, and are excluded
from the unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of operations because they will not have a continuing impact on the
combined company’s operations. The remaining $9.5 million will be expensed as stock-based compensation on a straight-line basis over the
remaining service periods of those awards. The adjustment to record the incremental stock-based compensation expense for the year ended
December 31, 2017 is as follows (in thousands).

 
   

Year Ended
December 31, 2017 

Cost of goods sold   $ 15 
Research and development    184 
Selling, general and administrative    1,147 

    
 

Total   $ 1,346 
    

 

There is no incremental stock-based compensation expense for the six months ended June 30, 2018.
 

167



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 180/209

Table of Contents

 
(b) Represents incremental rent expense associated with Keryx’s operating lease as a result of the acquisition method of accounting. The

adjustment to record the incremental rent expense is as follows (in thousands):
 

   
Year Ended

December 31, 2017   
Six Months Ended

June 30, 2018  
Cost of goods sold   $ 17   $ 9 
Research and development    164    82 
Selling, general and administrative    250    126 

    
 

    
 

Total   $ 431   $ 217 
    

 

    

 

 
 

(c) Represents the adjustment to cost of goods sold of $58.0 million and $29.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2017 and the six
months ended June 30, 2018, respectively, based on the preliminary fair value inventory adjustment and the anticipated inventory turnover.

 

 
(d) Represents the amortization expense related to the fair value of the acquired intangible associated with the Auryxia® currently marketed

product with a preliminary estimated useful life of 9 years, assuming the acquisition of Keryx has occurred on January 1, 2017 as follows (in
thousands):

 
   

Year Ended
December 31, 2017   

Six Months Ended
June 30, 2018  

Amortization expense   $ 29,263   $ 14,632 

Amortization of Auryxia will be recognized using a straight-line method over the estimated useful life, which represents the period over
which Akebia expects the related cash flows to be realized.

 

 

(e) Represents the elimination of transaction costs of $5.2 million and $3.2 million incurred by Akebia and Keryx, respectively, in connection
with the Merger and recorded as general and administrative expense in Akebia’s historical unaudited condensed consolidated statement of
operations for the six months ended June 30, 2018, because the expenses are not expected to have a continuing impact on the operations of
the combined business. No transaction costs were incurred by Akebia or Keryx in connection with the Merger during the year ended
December 31, 2017.

 

 
(f) Represents the elimination of (1) Keryx’s historical amortization of debt discount of $63.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2017

and $1.3 million for the six months ended June 30, 2018; and (2) Keryx’s historical other income of $0.2 million for the year ended
December 31, 2017 and zero for the six months ended June 30, 2018, in connection with the conversion of the Convertible Notes.

 

 
(g) Net loss per share, or EPS, basic and diluted for the combined company has been adjusted for the year ended December 31, 2017 and the six

months ended June 30, 2018 to give effect to the net loss for the combined company and the weighted average shares outstanding described
in Note (7h).

 

 
(h) Represents the adjustment to the weighted average shares outstanding used to compute basic and diluted net loss per share for the year

ended December 31, 2017 and the six months ended June 30, 2018 to give effect to the expected issuance of 59,898,637 Akebia Shares upon
consummation of the Merger, as if such issuances had occurred on January 1, 2017.

8. Items Not Included in the Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Statements

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of operations do not include any transaction costs incurred by Akebia or Keryx after
June 30, 2018 as those costs are not expected to have a continuing impact on the operations of the combined business.
 

168



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 181/209

Table of Contents

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of operations do not include the impacts of any revenue, cost or other operating
synergies that may result from the Merger or the impact of any non-recurring activity and one-time transaction-related costs.

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of operations do not include an adjustment of $11.5 million related to the automatic
acceleration of vesting of certain Akebia share-based awards and $5.6 million related to the acceleration of vesting of certain Keryx share-based awards
in contemplation of the Merger as those expenses are not expected to have a continuing impact on the operations of the combined business.

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of operations do not include an adjustment of $12.2 million to selling, general and
administrative expenses related to the Additional Shares expected to be issued to Baupost as converted to Akebia Shares as those expenses are specific
to the Note Conversion Agreement, a separate transaction, and are not expected to have a continuing impact on the operations of the combined business.

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements do not reflect possible limitations to the combined company’s NOLs as a result
of an “ownership change” under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. As a result of the Merger, the combined company may be subject to
annual limitations on its ability to utilize pre-change NOLs to offset future taxable income. The amount of the annual limitation is determined based on
the value of Akebia immediately prior to the ownership change. As of June 30, 2018, the preliminary estimate of unlimited NOLs available to the
combined company to offset taxable income in future years is approximately $216.0 million.

9. Unadjusted Pro Forma Balances

At this time, Akebia does not have sufficient information necessary to make a reasonable estimate of the balance sheet and/or income statement
effects related to certain aspects of specific supply agreements which may give rise to a lease commitment. Therefore, no adjustment has been presented.
As further information becomes available, such adjustments could be material to the amounts presented in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined
financial statements.
 

169



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 182/209

Table of Contents

DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK

As a result of the Merger and the other transactions described in this joint proxy statement/prospectus, Keryx shareholders will become
shareholders of Akebia, which will continue as the combined company. The rights of former Keryx shareholders and the rights of Akebia shareholders
following the consummation of the Merger will be governed by the Akebia charter and the Akebia bylaws. The following description of Akebia Shares is
a summary. This summary does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the latest Akebia SEC filings on Form 10-K and
10-Q, the Akebia charter and Akebia bylaws, and to the applicable provisions of the DGCL. See also “Comparison of Shareholder Rights” beginning on
page 172 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

General

The following description of certain terms of Akebia common stock and preferred stock is intended as a summary only and is qualified in its
entirety by reference to the Akebia charter and the Akebia bylaws, and to the applicable provisions of the DGCL.

Akebia authorized capital stock consists of 175,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.00001 per share, and 25,000,000 shares of
undesignated preferred stock, par value $0.00001 per share.

As of the record date for the Akebia Special Meeting, Akebia had issued and outstanding:
 

 •  57,059,063 Akebia Shares;
 

 •  options to purchase a total of 3,929,561 Akebia Shares with a weighted-average exercise price of $10.36 per share;
 

 •  restricted stock units that vest into 890,800 Akebia Shares; and
 

 •  warrants to purchase 509,611 Akebia Shares.

As of the record date for the Akebia Special Meeting, Akebia had approximately 21 holders of record of Akebia Shares.

Akebia Shares

Dividend Rights. Subject to preferences that may apply to shares of preferred stock outstanding at the time, holders of outstanding Akebia Shares
are entitled to receive dividends out of assets legally available at the times and in the amounts as the Akebia Board may from time to time determine.

Voting Rights. Each outstanding Akebia Share is entitled to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders. Holders of Akebia Shares
shall have no cumulative voting rights.

Conversion or Redemption Rights. Akebia Shares are neither convertible nor redeemable.

Liquidation Rights. Upon Akebia’s liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the holders of Akebia Shares will be entitled to receive pro rata
Akebia’s assets which are legally available for distribution, after payment of all debts and other liabilities and the satisfaction of any liquidation
preference granted to the holders of any then-outstanding shares of preferred stock.

Rights and Preferences. Holders of Akebia Shares have no preemptive, conversion or subscription rights and there are no redemption or sinking
fund provisions applicable to Akebia Shares. The rights, preferences and privileges of the holders of Akebia Shares are subject to, and may be adversely
affected by, the rights of the holders of shares of any series of preferred stock that Akebia may designate in the future.
 

170



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 183/209

Table of Contents

Preferred Stock

Under the Akebia charter, Akebia is authorized to issue up to 25,000,000 shares of preferred stock at $0.00001 par value per share. The preferred
stock may be issued in one or more series, and the Akebia Board is expressly authorized (i) to fix the descriptions, powers, preferences, rights,
qualifications, limitations and restrictions with respect to any series of preferred stock and (ii) to specify the number of shares of any series of preferred
stock. As of the record date for the Akebia Special Meeting, there were no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding.

The prospectus supplement relating to any preferred stock being offered will include specific terms relating to the offering.

Anti-Takeover Effects of the Akebia Charter and the Akebia Bylaws

The Akebia charter and the Akebia bylaws contain certain provisions that are intended to enhance the likelihood of continuity and stability in the
composition of the Akebia Board and which may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a future takeover or change in control of Akebia
unless such takeover or change in control is approved by the Akebia Board.

These provisions include:

Classified Board. The Akebia charter provides that the Akebia Board is divided into three classes of directors, with the classes as nearly equal in
number as possible. As a result, approximately one-third of the Akebia Board is elected each year. The classification of directors has the effect of
making it more difficult for shareholders to change the composition of the Akebia Board. The Akebia charter also provides that, subject to any rights of
holders of preferred stock to elect additional directors under specified circumstances, the number of directors shall be fixed exclusively pursuant to a
resolution adopted by the Akebia Board.

Action by Written Consent; Special Meetings of Shareholders. The Akebia charter provides that shareholder action can be taken only at an annual
or special meeting of shareholders and cannot be taken by written consent in lieu of a meeting. The Akebia charter and the Akebia bylaws also provide
that, except as otherwise required by law, special meetings of the shareholders can be called only by or at the direction of the Akebia Board pursuant to a
resolution adopted by a majority of the total number of directors which Akebia would have if there were no vacancies. Shareholders are not permitted to
call a special meeting or to require the Akebia Board to call a special meeting.

Removal of Directors. The Akebia charter provides that Akebia’s directors may be removed only for cause by the affirmative vote of at least 75%
of the voting power of the outstanding Akebia Shares entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, at a meeting
of the shareholders called for that purpose. This requirement of a supermajority vote to remove directors could enable a minority of Akebia’s
shareholders to prevent a change in the composition of the Akebia Board.

Advance Notice Procedures. The Akebia bylaws establish an advance notice procedure for shareholder proposals to be brought before an annual
meeting of Akebia’s shareholders, including proposed nominations of persons for election to the Akebia Board. Shareholders at an annual meeting may
only consider proposals or nominations specified in the notice of meeting or brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the Akebia Board or by
a shareholder who was a shareholder of record on the record date for the meeting, who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has given Akebia’s
Secretary timely written notice, in proper form, of the shareholder’s intention to bring that business before the meeting. Although the Akebia bylaws do
not give the Akebia Board the power to approve or disapprove shareholder nominations of candidates or proposals regarding other business to be
conducted at a special or annual meeting, the Akebia bylaws may have the effect of precluding the conduct of certain business at a meeting if the proper
procedures are not followed or may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect its own slate of directors or
otherwise attempting to obtain control of Akebia.
 

171



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 184/209

Table of Contents

Super Majority Approval Requirements. The DGCL generally provides that the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares entitled to vote on any
matter is required to amend a corporation’s certificate of incorporation or bylaws, unless either a corporation’s certificate of incorporation or bylaws
requires a greater percentage. A majority vote of the Akebia Board or the affirmative vote of holders of at least 75% of the total votes of the outstanding
shares of capital stock of Akebia entitled to vote with respect thereto, voting together as a single class, are required to amend, make alter, or repeal the
Akebia bylaws. In addition, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 85% of the voting power of the outstanding shares of capital stock of Akebia
entitled to vote with respect thereto, voting together as a single class, are required to amend, alter, or repeal, or to adopt any provisions inconsistent with,
the Akebia charter provisions governing (i) the authorized shares of Akebia (but only to the extent such amendment would decrease the number of
shares authorized), (ii) the rights and issuance of preferred stock, (iii) the board of directors, (iv) limitations on director liability, (v) meetings of the
stockholders, (vi) amendments to the Akebia charter or the Akebia bylaws, and (vii) the exclusive jurisdiction for certain actions. These supermajority
vote requirements to approve amendments to the Akebia bylaws and the Akebia charter could enable a minority of Akebia’s shareholders to exercise
veto power over any such amendments.

Authorized but Unissued Shares. Akebia’s authorized but unissued Akebia Shares and preferred stock are available for future issuance without
shareholder approval. These additional shares may be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future public offerings to raise additional
capital and corporate acquisitions. The existence of authorized but unissued Akebia Shares and preferred stock could render more difficult or discourage
an attempt to obtain control of a majority of Akebia Shares by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise.

Exclusive Forum. The Akebia charter provides that, subject to limited exceptions, and to the fullest extent permitted by law, the Court of Chancery
of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on Akebia’s behalf, (ii) any action
asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of Akebia’s directors, officers or other employees to Akebia or Akebia’s shareholders,
(iii) any action asserting a claim against Akebia arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, the Akebia charter or the Akebia bylaws, or (iv) any
other action asserting a claim against Akebia that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. Under the Akebia charter, this exclusive forum provision
will not apply to claims which are vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, or
for which the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware does not have subject matter jurisdiction. For instance, the provision would not apply to
actions arising under federal securities laws, including suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or the rules and
regulations thereunder. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of Akebia’s capital stock shall be deemed to have
notice of and to have consented to the provisions of Akebia’s certificate of incorporation described above. Although Akebia believes these provisions
benefit Akebia by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law and federal securities laws for the specified types of actions and
proceedings, the provisions may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against Akebia’s directors and officers. The enforceability of similar choice of
forum provisions in other companies’ certificates of incorporation has been challenged in legal proceedings, and it is possible that, in connection with
one or more actions or proceedings described above, a court could find the choice of forum provisions contained in Akebia’s certificate of incorporation
to be inapplicable or unenforceable.

COMPARISON OF SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS

The rights of Keryx shareholders are governed by the Keryx charter and the Keryx bylaws, as well as the DGCL. The rights of Akebia
shareholders are governed by the Akebia charter and the Akebia bylaws, as well as the DGCL. Upon consummation of the Merger, the rights of the
shareholders of Akebia will be governed by the Akebia charter and the amended bylaws of Akebia, both of which are filed as exhibits to the registration
statement to which this joint proxy statement/prospectus relates, as well as the DGCL.
 

172



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 185/209

Table of Contents

The following is a summary discussion of the material differences, as of the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, between the current
rights of Keryx shareholders and the current rights of Akebia shareholders. The following description does not purport to be a complete statement of all
the differences, or a complete description of the specific provisions referred to in this summary. The identification of specific differences is not intended
to indicate that other equally or more significant differences do not exist. Shareholders should read carefully the relevant provisions of the DGCL, the
Akebia charter and the Akebia bylaws, the Keryx charter and the Keryx bylaws. Keryx and Akebia have filed with the SEC their respective governing
documents referenced in this summary of shareholder rights and will send copies to you without charge, upon your request. See “Where You Can Find
More Information” beginning on page 186 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.
 
   Rights of Akebia Shareholders   Rights of Keryx Shareholders
Authorized
Capital

  

The authorized capital stock of Akebia consists of 175,000,000
shares of common stock, $0.00001 par value per share, and
25,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $0.00001 par value per
share.
   

The authorized capital stock of Keryx consists of 230,000,000
shares of common stock, $0.001 par value per share, and
5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $0.001 par value per share.

Outstanding
Capital Stock

  

As of the record date for the Akebia Special Meeting, Akebia
had 57,059,063 shares of common stock issued and outstanding,
and no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding.
   

As of the record date for the Keryx Special Meeting, Keryx had
120,375,926 shares of common stock issued and outstanding,
and no undesignated shares issued or outstanding.

Number of
Directors

  

The Akebia charter provides that the number of directors is to be
fixed in accordance with the Akebia bylaws. The Akebia bylaws
provide that there shall be seven directors and that subject to the
special rights of the holders of preferred stock to elect directors,
the number of directors which shall constitute the Akebia Board
may be increased or decreased exclusively by the Akebia Board
from time to time by resolution adopted by the affirmative vote
of at least a majority of the directors then in office. Prior to the
closing of the Merger, the bylaws of Akebia will be amended to
provide for nine directors.
   

The Keryx bylaws provide for a board of directors consisting of
a number of directors determined by the Keryx Board, but in no
event may the number of directors be fewer than one. Keryx
currently has seven directors.

Election of
Directors

  

The Akebia charter provides that directors are elected by a
plurality of the votes cast by the shareholders entitled to vote
thereon. The Akebia charter provides for a classified Akebia
Board with three classes of directors. Approximately one-third of
the Akebia Board is elected each year and board members stand
for re-election in the third year after the year of their election.
Akebia shareholders do not have cumulative voting rights.

  

In accordance with the Keryx bylaws, Keryx directors are
elected by the Keryx shareholders, and at each election the
persons receiving the greatest number of votes, up to the
number of directors then to be elected, shall be the persons then
elected, provided a quorum is present. In addition, under the
current Keryx Charter, shareholders do not have any cumulative
voting rights.
 

In accordance with the Keryx bylaws, the Keryx Board shall
serve for an indefinite term that expires at the next annual
meeting of the shareholders. A director of Keryx shall hold
office until a successor is elected and has qualified or until the
earlier death, resignation, or removal of the director.

 
173



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 186/209

Table of Contents

   Rights of Akebia Shareholders   Rights of Keryx Shareholders
Removal of
Directors

  

The Akebia charter provides that subject to the special rights of
the holders of any series of preferred stock to elect directors,
Akebia directors may be removed only for cause by the
affirmative vote of the holders of at least 75% of the voting
power of the outstanding shares of capital stock of Akebia
entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting
together as a single class, at a meeting of the shareholders called
for that purpose.
   

Keryx directors may be removed at any time with or without
cause, by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of
Keryx shares entitled to vote at an election of directors.

Vacancies on the
Board

  

The Akebia charter provides that vacancies and newly-created
directorships on the Akebia Board shall be filled exclusively by
vote of a majority of the directors then in office, even if less than
a quorum, or by a sole remaining director.
 

A director elected to fill a vacancy shall be elected for the
unexpired term of his or her predecessor in office, and a director
chosen to fill a position resulting from an increase in the number
of directors shall hold office until the next election of the class
for which such director shall have been chosen, subject to the
election and qualification of his or her successor and to his or her
earlier death, resignation or removal.
   

The Keryx bylaws provide that any vacancy on the Keryx
Board resulting from the death, resignation, removal or
disqualification of a director, or any newly-created directorship,
may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the
remaining directors, although less than a quorum, or by a sole
remaining director. In addition, vacancies on the Keryx Board
resulting from newly created directorships may be filled by the
affirmative vote of a majority of the directors serving at the
time such directorships are created.
 

Each person elected to fill a vacancy shall hold office until a
qualified successor is elected by the shareholders at the next
annual meeting.

Advance Notice
Requirements for
Shareholder
Nominations and
Other Proposals

  

The Akebia charter provides that the advance notice
requirements are to be provided in the Akebia bylaws. The
Akebia bylaws provide that, except as otherwise required by law,
a shareholder who wishes to nominate persons for election to the
Akebia Board or propose business to be considered by the
shareholders at a meeting must be a shareholder of record at the
time of giving notice and must be entitled to vote at the meeting.
Such shareholder must provide notice to the Secretary of Akebia
in advance of the meeting and in accordance with the Akebia
bylaws. The business conducted at the special meeting shall be
limited to the purposes stated in Akebia’s notice of the special
meeting.
 

In the case of an annual meeting, an Akebia shareholder wishing
to nominate a director or raise another proposal must deliver a
shareholder’s notice to the Secretary of Akebia at the principal
executive offices of Akebia on a date not later than the close of
business on the 90th day nor earlier than the   

Subject to the requirements of the DGCL and the Exchange
Act, the Keryx bylaws require that a shareholder who desires to
nominate a candidate for election to the Keryx Board at an
annual meeting or a special meeting, or present business at an
annual meeting, must be entitled to vote both at the time of
giving notice and at the time of the actual meeting, as well
comply with the notice procedures under the Keryx bylaws.
Such shareholder must provide notice to the secretary of Keryx
in advance of the meeting. The business conducted at a special
meeting shall be limited to the purposes stated in Keryx’s
notice of the special meeting.
 

In the case of an annual meeting, a shareholder’s notice of
nominations or notice of any business must be received by the
Secretary of Keryx at the principal executive office of Keryx,
not more than 150 days and not less than 120 days before the
first anniversary of the date of the preceding year’s annual
meeting of shareholders. However, if

 
174



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 187/209

Table of Contents

   Rights of Akebia Shareholders   Rights of Keryx Shareholders

  

close of business on the 120th day prior to the anniversary date
of the prior year’s annual meeting or, if there was no annual
meeting in the prior year or if the date of the current year’s
annual meeting is more than 30 days before or after the
anniversary date of the prior year’s annual meeting, on or before
ten days after the day on which the date of the current year’s
annual meeting is first disclosed in a public announcement. In the
case of a special meeting of shareholders called for the purpose
of electing one or more directors to the Akebia Board, an Akebia
shareholder wishing to nominate a director must deliver a
shareholder’s notice to the Secretary of Akebia at the principle
executive offices of Akebia on a date not earlier than the close of
business on the 120th day prior to such special meeting or the
tenth day following the day on which the date of the special
meeting, and the board’s proposed nominees for election, are first
disclosed in a public announcement.
 

The notice must contain specific information concerning the
person to be nominated or matters to be brought before the
meeting, as well as specific information concerning the
shareholder making the nomination or submitting the proposal.
   

the date of the annual meeting of shareholders is more than 30
days before or more than 60 days after such anniversary date, or
if no annual meeting was held in the preceding year, notice by a
shareholder shall be timely only if so delivered or so mailed
and received not less than 90 days before the scheduled date of
such annual meeting or, if later, within ten days after the first
public announcement of the date of such annual meeting. In the
case of a special meeting, if nominations of persons for election
to the Keryx Board and proposals of other business to be
considered and acted upon by the shareholders are brought
before such special meeting, a shareholder’s notice of
nominations or notice of any business must be delivered in
accordance with the notice requirements for annual meetings.
 

The notice must contain specific information concerning the
person to be nominated or matters to be brought before the
meeting, as well as specific information concerning the
shareholder making the nomination or submitting the proposal.

Notice of Special
Meeting

  

The Akebia bylaws generally provide that notice of a shareholder
meeting must be given to each shareholder entitled to notice of
such meeting not less than ten days nor more than 60 days before
the date of the meeting.
 

Any notice of a special meeting must include the place, if any,
date, time, and record date for determining the shareholders
entitled to vote (if such date is different from the record date for
shareholders entitled to notice of the meeting), means of remote
communication, if any, by which shareholders and proxyholders
may be deemed to be present and purpose for which the meeting
is called.
   

The Keryx bylaws generally provide that notice of a
shareholder meeting must be given to each shareholder of
record entitled to vote at such meeting not less than ten days
nor more than 60 days before the date of the meeting.
 

Notices of a special meeting must include the place, if any,
date, hour, and means of remote communication, if any, by
which shareholders and proxyholders may be deemed to be
present and purpose for which the meeting is called.
 

Amendments to
the Charter

  

Under the DGCL, an amendment to the certificate of
incorporation requires (1) the approval of the board of directors,
(2) the approval of a majority of the outstanding stock entitled to
vote upon the proposed amendment, and (3) the approval of the
holders of a majority of the outstanding stock   

Under the DGCL, an amendment to the certificate of
incorporation requires (1) the approval of the board of directors,
(2) the approval of a majority of the outstanding stock entitled
to vote upon the proposed amendment, and, (3) the approval of
the holders of a majority of the outstanding stock

 
175



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 188/209

Table of Contents

   Rights of Akebia Shareholders   Rights of Keryx Shareholders

  

of each class entitled to vote thereon as a class. The Akebia
charter provides that Akebia may amend, alter or repeal any
provision of the charter in any manner prescribed by the DGCL,
and additionally provides that the amendments to the provisions
in the charter regarding authorized shares (to the extent such
amendments would decrease the number of authorized shares),
preferred stock, (including no class vote on changes in
authorized number of shares of preferred stock), the Akebia
Board, limitations of director liability, meetings of shareholders,
amendments to the certificate of incorporation and bylaws, and
exclusive jurisdiction for certain actions must be approved by a
vote of holders of at least 85% of the voting power of the
outstanding Akebia Shares entitled to vote generally in the
election of directors.
   

of each class entitled to vote thereon as a class. Keryx’s
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that
Keryx may amend, alter or repeal any provision of the amended
and restated certificate of incorporation, in any manner
prescribed by the DGCL.

Amendments to
Bylaws

  

The Akebia charter provides that the Akebia bylaws may be
amended or repealed by the Akebia Board subject to the power
of the shareholders of Akebia entitled to vote with respect thereto
to make, alter, amend or repeal the bylaws. The affirmative vote
of the holders of at 75% of the voting power of the outstanding
Akebia Shares entitled to vote with respect thereto, voting
together as a single class, is required to make, alter, amend or
repeal the Akebia bylaws.
   

The Keryx bylaws may be amended or repealed, or new bylaws
adopted, by a majority vote of the Keryx Board or by an
affirmative vote of at least 75% of the outstanding voting stock
of the company entitled to vote thereon.

Special Meeting of
Shareholders

  

The Akebia charter provides that special meetings may be called
only by or at the direction of the Akebia Board pursuant to a
resolution adopted by a majority of the total number of directors
which Akebia would have if there were no vacancies.
   

The Keryx bylaws provide that a special meeting of the
shareholders may be called at any time by the Keryx Board, the
Chairman of the Keryx Board, if any, or, if there is no Chief
Executive Officer, the President, a duly designated officer of
the Corporation.

Forum Selection

  

The Akebia charter designates the Court of Chancery of the State
of Delaware (subject to certain exceptions) as the sole and
exclusive forum, unless Akebia consents in writing to the
selection of one or more alternative forums, for (i) any derivative
action or proceeding brought on behalf of Akebia; (ii) any action
asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any
director, officer or other employee of Akebia to Akebia or
Akebia’s shareholders; (iii) any action asserting a claim arising
pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or Akebia’s amended

  

The Keryx bylaws designate the Court of Chancery of the State
of Delaware (or, if the Chancery Court does not have
jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of
Delaware or other state courts in the State of Delaware) as the
sole and exclusive forum, unless Keryx consents in writing to
the selection of an alternative forum, for: (i) any derivative
action or proceeding brought on behalf of Keryx; (ii) any action
asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any
director, officer or other employee of Keryx to Keryx or
Keryx’s shareholders; (iii)

 
176



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 189/209

Table of Contents

   Rights of Akebia Shareholders   Rights of Keryx Shareholders

  

and restated certificate of incorporation or bylaws (as either may
be amended from time to time); or (iv) any action asserting a
claim against Akebia governed by the internal affairs doctrine.

  

any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of
the DGCL or Keryx’s amended and restated certificate of
incorporation or bylaws (as either may be amended from time
to time); or (iv) any action asserting a claim against Keryx
governed by the internal affairs doctrine.

 
177



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 190/209

Table of Contents

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT OF KERYX

The following table sets forth information with respect to the beneficial ownership of Keryx Shares as of October 18, 2018 by:
 

 
•  each person or entity, including any “group” as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act, who is known to own beneficially

more than 5% of the outstanding Keryx Shares;
 

 •  each current director of Keryx;
 

 •  each of the named executive officers of Keryx; and
 

 •  all directors and executive officers of Keryx as a group.

Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the SEC’s rules. The SEC has defined “beneficial” ownership of a security to mean the
possession, directly or indirectly, of voting power and/or investment power. In computing percentage ownership of each person, shares of common stock
subject to options, warrants or rights held by that person that are currently exercisable, or exercisable within 60 days of October 18, 2018, are deemed to
be outstanding and beneficially owned by that person. These shares, however, are not deemed outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage
ownership of any other person.

To Keryx’s knowledge and except as indicated in the notes to this table and pursuant to applicable community property laws, each shareholder
named in the table has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares set forth opposite such shareholder’s name. Percentage of ownership
is based on 120,369,526 Keryx Shares outstanding on October 18, 2018. All fractional common share amounts have been rounded to the nearest whole
number. The address for each executive officer and director is Keryx Biopharmaceuticals, Inc., One Marina Park Drive, 12th Floor, Boston,
Massachusetts 02210.
 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner   

Amount and Nature
of Beneficial
Ownership    

Percent of Keryx
Shares  

5% or more Shareholders     
The Baupost Group, L.L.C. (1)    25,791,678    21.43% 

10 St. James Avenue, Suite 1700
Boston, MA 02116     

Abrams Capital, LLC (2)    9,719,176    8.07% 
222 Berkeley Street, 21st Floor
Boston, MA 02116     

The Vanguard Group (3)    7,893,859    6.56% 
100 Vanguard Boulevard
Malvern, PA 19355     

Directors and Named Executive Officers     
Kevin J. Cameron (4)    406,668    * 
Christine Carberry (5)    210,283    * 
Mark J. Enyedy (6)    26,667    * 
Steven C. Gilman, Ph.D. (7)    90,669    * 
Michael T. Heffernan (8)    63,335    * 
Scott A. Holmes (9)    734,535    * 
Jodie P. Morrison (10)    163,335    * 
John F. Neylan, M.D. (11)    602,358    * 
Daniel P. Regan (12)    200,002    * 
Michael Rogers (13)    93,336    * 
All directors and executive officers as a group

(10 persons) (14)    2,591,188    2.15% 
 

178



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 191/209

Table of Contents

 
* Denotes beneficial ownership of less than 1.0% of the Keryx Shares.
(1) Based solely on a Schedule 13 D/A filed under the Exchange Act on June 29, 2018, reporting beneficial ownership as of June 28, 2018. The

principal business of The Baupost Group, L.L.C. is to act as an investment advisor to various private investment limited partnerships. Baupost
Group GP, L.L.C., as the manager of Baupost, and Mr. Seth Klarman, as the managing member of Baupost Group GP, L.L.C. and a controlling
person of Baupost, may be deemed to have beneficial ownership under Section 13 of the Exchange Act of the securities beneficially owned by
Baupost. Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13d-4, Mr. Klarman and Baupost Group GP, L.L.C. declare that the filing of this registration statement
shall not be deemed an admission by either or both of them that they are, for the purposes of Section 13 of the Exchange Act, the beneficial
owner of any securities covered by this registration statement. Does not include an aggregate of 39,582,335 Keryx Shares issuable pursuant to
the Notes Conversion Agreement. 35,582,335 of such Keryx Shares are issuable upon surrender of the $164.7 million in principal amount of the
Convertible Notes beneficially owned by Baupost. Such surrender is contingent upon the issuance to Baupost of 4,000,000 Keryx Shares, among
other things.

(2) Based solely on a Schedule 13G/A filed on February 14, 2018. The address of Abrams Capital, LLC is 222 Berkeley Street, 21st Floor, Boston,
Massachusetts 02116. The 9,719,176 Keryx Shares are beneficially owned by Abrams Capital Management, LLC (“Abrams CM LLC”), Abrams
Capital Management L.P. (“Abrams CM LP”) and David Abrams and include 9,202,602 Keryx Shares beneficially owned by Abrams Capital,
LLC, which represent Keryx Shares beneficially owned by private investment funds for which Abrams Capital, LLC serves as general partner. In
addition to the Keryx Shares beneficially owned by Abrams Capital, LLC, the Keryx Shares beneficially owned by Abrams CM LP and Abrams
CM LLC also represent Keryx Shares beneficially owned by another private investment fund for which Abrams CM LP serves as investment
manager. Abrams CM LLC is the general partner of Abrams CM LP. The Keryx Shares beneficially owned by Mr. Abrams represent the above
referenced Keryx Shares beneficially owned by Abrams Capital, LLC and Abrams CM LLC. Mr. Abrams is the managing member of Abrams
Capital, LLC and Abrams CM LLC. Each disclaims beneficial ownership of the Keryx Shares except to the extent of its or his pecuniary interest
therein.

(3) Based solely on a Schedule 13G/A filed on February 9, 2018. The address of The Vanguard Group is 100 Vanguard Blvd., Malvern,
Pennsylvania 19355. Includes 173,618 Keryx Shares beneficially owned by Vanguard Fiduciary Trust Company and 23,400 Keryx Shares
beneficially owned by Vanguard Investments Australia, Ltd., each of which are a wholly owned subsidiaries of The Vanguard Group, Inc.

(4) Consists of (1) 156,667 Keryx Shares held by Mr. Cameron, (2) 230,002 Keryx Shares underlying options granted to Mr. Cameron that are
exercisable within 60 days and (3) 19,999 Keryx Restricted Shares over which Mr. Cameron has voting power and which are subject to
restrictions on disposition that lapse ratably over time.

(5) Consists of (1) 34,450 Keryx Shares held by Ms. Carberry, (2) 99,168 Keryx Shares underlying options granted to Ms. Carberry that are
exercisable within 60 days and (3) 76,665 unvested Keryx Restricted Shares over which Ms. Carberry has voting power and which are subject to
restrictions on disposition that lapse ratably over time.

(6) Consists of (1) 16,667 Keryx Shares underlying options granted to Mr. Enyedy that are exercisable within 60 days and (2) 10,000 unvested
Keryx Restricted Shares over which Mr. Enyedy has voting power and which are subject to restrictions on disposition that lapse ratably over
time.

(7) Consists of (1) 7,334 Keryx Shares held by Mr. Gilman, (2) 63,336 Keryx Shares underlying options granted to Mr. Gilman that are exercisable
within 60 days and (3) 19,999 unvested Keryx Restricted Shares over which Mr. Gilman has voting power and which are subject to restrictions
on disposition that lapse ratably over time.

(8) Consists of (1) 3,334 Keryx Shares held by Mr. Heffernan, (2) 43,335 Keryx Shares underlying options granted to Mr. Heffernan that are
exercisable within 60 days and (3) 16,666 unvested Keryx Restricted Shares over which Mr. Heffernan has voting power and which are subject
to restrictions on disposition that lapse ratably over time.

 
179



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 192/209

Table of Contents

(9) Consists of (1) 90,784 Keryx Shares held by Mr. Holmes, (2) 569,170 Keryx Shares underlying options granted to Mr. Holmes that are
exercisable within 60 days and (3) 74,581 unvested Keryx Restricted Shares over which Mr. Holmes has voting power and which are subject to
restrictions on disposition that lapse ratably over time, including 8,542 Keryx Restricted Shares that will vest within 60 days.

(10) Consists of (1) 3,334 Keryx Shares held by Ms. Morrison, (2) 43,335 Keryx Shares underlying options granted to Ms. Morrison that are
exercisable within 60 days and (3) 116,666 unvested Keryx Restricted Shares over which Ms. Morrison has voting power and which are subject
to restrictions on disposition that lapse ratably over time, including 100,000 Keryx Restricted Shares that will vest within 60 days.

(11) Consists of (1) 76,107 Keryx Shares held by Mr. Neylan, (2) 451,670 Keryx Shares underlying options granted to Mr. Neylan that are
exercisable within 60 days and (3) 74,581 unvested Keryx Restricted Shares over which Mr. Neylan has voting power and which are subject to
restrictions on disposition that lapse ratably over time, including 8,542 Keryx Restricted Shares that will vest within 60 days.

(12) Consists of (1) 40,001 Keryx Shares held by Mr. Regan, (2) 140,002 Keryx Shares underlying options granted to Mr. Regan that are exercisable
within 60 days and (3) 19,999 unvested Keryx Restricted Shares over which Mr. Regan has voting power and which are subject to restrictions on
disposition that lapse ratably over time.

(13) Consists of (1) 10,001 Keryx Shares held by Mr. Rogers, (2) 63,336 Keryx Shares underlying options granted to Ms. Rogers that are exercisable
within 60 days and (3) 19,999 unvested Keryx Restricted Shares over which Mr. Rogers has voting power and which are subject to restrictions
on disposition that lapse ratably over time.

(14) Includes (1) 449,155 unvested Keryx Restricted Shares over which our directors and executive officers have voting power and which are subject
to restrictions on disposition that lapse ratably over time, including 117,084 Keryx Restricted Shares granted to our directors and executive
officers that will vest within 60 days and (2) 1,720,021 Keryx Shares underlying options granted to our directors and executive officers that are
exercisable within 60 days.

 
180



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 193/209

Table of Contents

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT OF AKEBIA

The following table sets forth certain information as of October 18, 2018 (unless otherwise specified), with respect to the beneficial ownership of
Akebia Shares by each person who is known, based solely on filings made under Sections 13(d) and 13(g) of the Exchange Act, to own beneficially
more than five percent of outstanding Akebia Shares, each person currently serving as a director, each named executive officer, and all of our current
directors and executive officers as a group.

Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and includes voting or investment power with respect to the securities.
Akebia Shares subject to options, restricted stock, RSUs or other rights to purchase that may be acquired within 60 days after October 18, 2018 are to be
considered outstanding for purposes of computing the percentage ownership of the persons holding these options or other rights but are not to be
considered outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. As of October 18, 2018, there were 57,053,063
Akebia Shares outstanding, and the percentages of Akebia Shares beneficially owned were calculated using this number as the denominator and as
specified in this paragraph. Unless otherwise indicated, the address for each beneficial owner is c/o Akebia Therapeutics, Inc., 245 First Street,
Cambridge, Massachusetts 02142.
 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner   

Number of
Akebia
Shares

Beneficially
Owned    

Percentage of
Akebia
Shares

Beneficially
Owned  

Shareholders:     
Nantahala Capital Management, LLC (1)
19 Old Kings Highway S, Suite 200
Darien, Connecticut 06820    5,575,211    9.77% 
BlackRock, Inc. (2)
55 East 52nd Street
New York, New York 10055    3,905,506    6.85% 
Vifor (International) Ltd. (3)
Flughofstresse 61, CH-8152
Glattbrugg, Switzerland    3,571,429    6.26% 
Muneer A. Satter (4)
c/o Satter Management Co., L.P.
676 N. Michigan Avenue, Suite 4000
Chicago, Illinois 60611    3,067,043    5.38% 

Directors and Named Executive Officers     
John P. Butler (5)    981,631    1.70% 
Scott A. Canute (6)    26,560    * 
Michael D. Clayman, M.D. (7)    40,000    * 
Michel Dahan (8)    133,419    * 
Maxine Gowen, Ph.D. (9)    41,300    * 
Rita Jain, M.D. (10)    75,000    * 
Duane Nash, M.D. (11)    51,499    * 
Ronald C. Renaud, Jr. (12)    45,000    * 
Muneer A. Satter (4)    3,067,043    5.38% 
Cynthia Smith (13)    0    * 
Michael S. Wyzga (14)    79,025    * 
All Executive Officers and Directors as a group

(14 persons) (15)    5,031,677    8.58% 
 
* represents beneficial ownership of less than one percent of outstanding Akebia Shares.
 

181



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 194/209

Table of Contents

(1) Based solely on Schedule 13D filed with the SEC on September 26, 2018, Nantahala Capital Management, LLC serves as the investment adviser
to the Nantahala Investors (as defined in Nantahala’s Schedule 13D) and may be deemed to beneficially own the 5,575,211 Akebia Shares held
by the Nantahala Investors. This amount includes 4,724,211 Akebia Shares and 851,000 Akebia Shares receivable upon exercise of presently
exercisable exchanged-traded options. As the principals of Nantahala, each of Messrs. Harkey and Mack may also be deemed to beneficially
own the 5,575,211 Akebia Shares held by the Nantahala Investors.

(2) Based solely on Amendment No. 2 to Schedule 13G filed by BlackRock, Inc. with the SEC on January 29, 2018, which also indicates that
BlackRock, Inc. has sole dispositive power over all such shares and sole voting power over 3,804,631 such shares.

(3) Based solely on Amendment No. 1 to Schedule 13D filed by Vifor (International) Ltd. and Vifor Pharma Ltd. with the SEC on August 10, 2017,
which also indicates that Vifor (International) Ltd. and Vifor Pharma Ltd. have shared voting and dispositive power over all such shares (no sole
voting or dispositive power).

(4) Based solely on Amendment No. 1 to Schedule 13D filed by Muneer A. Satter with the SEC on July 3, 2018, which also indicates that the
number of Akebia Shares beneficially owned consists of (a) 785,340 Akebia Shares that are held by the Muneer A. Satter Revocable Trust for
which Muneer A. Satter serves as trustee and, in such capacity, has sole voting and dispositive power over all such shares; (b) 1,217,221 Akebia
Shares that are held by various other trusts and other entities for which Muneer A. Satter serves as trustee, investment advisor or manager and, in
such capacity, has sole voting and dispositive power over all such shares; (c) 1,034,482 Akebia Shares that are held by Satter Medical
Technology Partners, L.P., for which Muneer A. Satter has sole voting and dispositive power over all such shares; and (d) stock options to
purchase 30,000 Akebia Shares.

(5) Consists of (i) 293,214 Akebia Shares and (ii) 688,417 Akebia Shares that can be acquired upon the exercise of options exercisable within 60
days after October 18, 2018.

(6) Consists of 26,560 Akebia Shares that can be acquired upon the exercise of options exercisable within 60 days after October 18, 2018.
(7) Consists of 40,000 Akebia Shares that can be acquired upon the exercise of options exercisable within 60 days after October 18, 2018.
(8) Consists of (i) 37,826 Akebia Shares and (ii) 95,593 Akebia Shares that can be acquired upon the exercise of options exercisable within 60 days

after October 18, 2018.
(9) Consists of (i) 1,300 Akebia Shares and (ii) 40,000 Akebia Shares that can be acquired upon the exercise of options exercisable within 60 days

after October 18, 2018.
(10) Consists of 75,000 Akebia Shares that can be acquired upon the exercise of options exercisable within 60 days after October 18, 2018.
(11) Consists of (i) 21,499 Akebia Shares and (ii) 30,000 Akebia Shares that can be acquired upon the exercise of options exercisable within 60 days

after October 18, 2018.
(12) Consists of (i) 5,000 Akebia Shares and (ii) 40,000 Akebia Shares that can be acquired upon the exercise of options exercisable within 60 days

after October 18, 2018.
(13) Cynthia Smith joined the Akebia Board on August 28, 2018.
(14) Consists of (i) 1,500 Akebia Shares and (ii) 77,525 Akebia Shares that can be acquired upon the exercise of options exercisable within 60 days

after October 18, 2018.
(15) Includes (i) 3,465,234 Akebia Shares and (ii) 1,566,443 Akebia Shares granted to our directors and executive officers that can be acquired upon

the exercise of options exercisable within 60 days after October 18, 2018.

LEGAL MATTERS

The validity of the Akebia Shares to be issued pursuant to the Merger is passed upon for Akebia by Latham & Watkins LLP, counsel to Akebia,
200 Clarendon Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02116. Goodwin Procter LLP, counsel to Keryx, 100 Northern Avenue, Boston, Massachusetts 02210, is
delivering an opinion as to certain tax matters.
 

182



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 195/209

Table of Contents

EXPERTS

The consolidated financial statements of Akebia Therapeutics, Inc. appearing in Akebia Therapeutics, Inc.’s Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the
year ended December 31, 2017 have been audited by Ernst & Young LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, as set forth in their report
thereon, included therein, and incorporated herein by reference. Such consolidated financial statements are incorporated herein by reference in reliance
upon such report given on the authority of such firm as experts in accounting and auditing. The financial statements and management’s assessment of
the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting (which is included in Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting) of
Keryx incorporated herein by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 have been so incorporated in reliance
on the report of UHY LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, given on the authority of said firm as experts in auditing and accounting.

KERYX ANNUAL MEETING SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS

Only proper proposals under Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act which are timely received will be included in the proxy materials for Keryx’s next
annual meeting. In order to be considered timely, such proposal must be received by Keryx at One Marina Park Drive, 12th Floor, Boston,
Massachusetts 02210, no later than January 31, 2019. Shareholders are advised to submit any shareholder proposal by certified mail, return receipt
requested.

Keryx’s amended and restated bylaws require shareholders to provide advance notice of any shareholder director nomination(s) and any other
matter a shareholder wishes to present for action at an annual meeting of shareholders (other than matters to be included in Keryx’s proxy statement,
which are discussed in the previous paragraph). In order to properly nominate a director at or bring other business before an annual meeting, Keryx’s
amended and restated bylaws require, among other things, that the shareholder submit written notice thereof complying with Keryx’s amended and
restated bylaws to Keryx’s Corporate Secretary, at the above address, not less than 120 days nor more than 150 days prior to the anniversary of the
preceding year’s annual meeting. Therefore, Keryx must receive notice of a shareholder nominee or other proposal submitted (other than pursuant to
Rule 14a-8 (as discussed above)) for its 2019 annual meeting of shareholders no sooner than January 30, 2019, and no later than March 1, 2019. If a
shareholder fails to provide timely notice of a proposal to be presented at Keryx’s 2019 annual meeting of shareholders, the proxy designated by the
Keryx Board will have discretionary authority to vote on any such proposal that may come before the meeting. Shareholders are advised to review the
Keryx amended and restated bylaws which also specify requirements as to the form and content of a shareholder’s notice as well as additional
requirements as to the timing of any such notice in certain circumstances.

AKEBIA ANNUAL MEETING SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS

Inclusion of Proposals in Akebia’s Proxy Statement and Proxy Card under the SEC’s Rules

For a proposal to be considered for inclusion in the proxy statement and form of proxy for Akebia’s 2019 annual meeting of shareholders, a
written proposal must be received by Akebia’s Secretary at Akebia’s principal executive offices no earlier than the close of business on February 14,
2019 (the 120th day prior to the anniversary date of the prior year’s annual meeting of shareholders) and no later than the close of business on March 16,
2019 (the 90th day prior to the anniversary date of the prior year’s annual meeting of shareholders) and must provide the information required by the
Akebia bylaws with respect to each matter the shareholder proposes to bring before the 2019 annual meeting of shareholders. If Akebia changes the date
of the 2019 annual meeting of shareholders by more than 30 days from the date of Akebia’s 2018 annual meeting of the shareholders, a written proposal
must be received by Akebia at its principal executive offices no later than the close of business on the tenth day after the day on which notice or public
disclosure of the date of the 2019 annual meeting of shareholders is first provided. Shareholder proposals submitted pursuant to Rule 14a-8 of the
Exchange Act must be received no later than 5:30 p.m. Eastern Time, December 31, 2018.
 

183



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 196/209

Table of Contents

Nomination of Director Candidates and Proposals Not Intended for Inclusion in Proxy Materials

The Akebia bylaws provide that, for shareholder nominations to the Akebia Board or other proposals to be considered at an annual meeting of
shareholders, the shareholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary at Akebia Therapeutics, Inc., 245 First Street, Cambridge,
MA 02142. To be timely for the 2019 annual meeting of shareholders, the shareholder’s notice must be delivered to Akebia not earlier than the close of
business on the 120th day nor later than the close of business on the 90th day prior to the anniversary date of the prior year’s annual meeting of
shareholders, except that if the 2019 annual meeting of shareholders is set for a date that is more than 30 days before or after such anniversary date,
Akebia must receive the notice not later than the close of business on or before the tenth day following the day on which Akebia first provides notice or
public disclosure of the date of the meeting. Assuming the date of the 2019 annual meeting of shareholders is not so advanced or delayed, shareholders
who wish to make a proposal or a director nomination for the 2019 annual meeting of shareholders must notify Akebia no earlier than February 14, 2019
and no later than March 16, 2019. Such notice must provide the information required by Akebia bylaws with respect to each matter the shareholder
proposes to bring before the 2019 annual meeting of shareholders. Shareholder proposals submitted pursuant to Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act must be
received no later than 5:30 p.m. Eastern Time, December 31, 2018.

The foregoing summary of Akebia’s shareholder nomination and proposal procedures is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference
to the full text of the Akebia bylaws that has been publicly filed with the SEC and is available at www.sec.gov.
 

184



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 197/209

Table of Contents

INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN DOCUMENTS BY REFERENCE

The SEC allows Keryx and Akebia to incorporate certain information into this joint proxy statement/prospectus by reference to other information
that has been filed with the SEC. The information incorporated by reference is deemed to be part of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, except as set
forth below. The documents that are incorporated by reference contain important information about Keryx and Akebia and you should read this
document together with any other documents incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

This joint proxy statement/prospectus incorporates by reference the following documents that have previously been filed with the SEC by Keryx
(File No. 000-30929) and Akebia (File No. 001-36352), in each case excluding any information furnished but not filed pursuant to the rules promulgated
under the Exchange Act:
 
Keryx SEC Filings (File No. 000-30929)   Period
Annual Report on Form 10-K   Fiscal year ended December 31, 2017

Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q   Quarterly periods ended March 31, 2018, and June 30, 2018

Current Reports on Form 8-K, excluding any information furnished but not
filed pursuant to the rules promulgated under the Exchange Act.

  

Filed on October 25, 2018, October 1, 2018, July 20, 2018,
July 3, 2018, June 28, 2018, June 15, 2018, May 25, 2018, May 10,
2018, April 30, 2018, February 16, 2018 and February 7, 2018

Keryx’s Description of Capital Stock, which is contained in the Registration
Statement on Form 8-A, as filed with the SEC on June 28, 2000 and including
any amendments or reports filed for the purpose of updating such description.   

Akebia SEC Filings (File No. 001-36352)   Period
Annual Report on Form 10-K   Fiscal year ended December 31, 2017

Portions of the Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A incorporated by reference
in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2017   

Filed on April 30, 2018

Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q   Quarterly periods ended March 31, 2018, and June 30, 2018

Current Reports on Form 8-K, excluding any information furnished but not
filed pursuant to the rules promulgated under the Exchange Act.   

Filed on October 1, 2018, August 28, 2018, March 26, 2018, April 12,
2018, June 15, 2018, and June 28, 2018

Any description of Akebia Shares contained in a registration statement filed
pursuant to the Exchange Act and any amendment or report filed for the
purpose of updating such description.   

In addition, Keryx and Akebia are each incorporating by reference any documents they may file under Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the
Exchange Act after the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus and prior to the date of the Keryx Special Meeting and the Akebia Special Meeting,
as the case may be. Such documents are considered to be part of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, effective as of the date such documents are filed
with the SEC.
 

185



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 198/209

Table of Contents

Keryx and Akebia file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. You may obtain the
information incorporated by reference and any other materials Keryx or Akebia files with the SEC without charge by following the instructions in the
section entitled “Where You Can Find More Information” beginning on page 186 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

Neither Keryx nor Akebia has authorized anyone to give any information or make any representation about the Merger, the Merger
Agreement or the transactions contemplated thereby, including any of the proposals set forth herein, that is different from, or in addition to,
that contained in this joint proxy statement/prospectus or in any of the materials that have been incorporated into this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. Therefore, if anyone does give you information of this sort, you should not rely on it. If you are in a jurisdiction where
offers to exchange or sell, or solicitations of offers to exchange or purchase, the securities offered by this joint proxy statement/prospectus or the
solicitation of proxies is unlawful, or if you are a person to whom it is unlawful to direct these types of activities, then the offer presented in this
joint proxy statement/prospectus does not extend to you. The information contained in this joint proxy statement/prospectus speaks only as of
the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus unless the information specifically indicates that another date applies.

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

Akebia and Keryx file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. You may read and copy these
documents at the SEC’s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further
information on the operation of the Public Reference Room. Keryx’s SEC filings are also available over the Internet at the SEC’s website at
www.sec.gov and under the heading “Investors & Media” on Keryx’s corporate website at www.keryx.com. Akebia’s SEC filings are also available over
the Internet at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov and under the heading “Investors” on Akebia’s corporate website at www.akebia.com. By referring to
Keryx’s and Akebia’s websites and the SEC’s website, Akebia and Keryx do not incorporate any such website or its contents into this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. Keryx Shares are listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the trading symbol of “KERX” and Akebia Shares are listed on The
Nasdaq Global Market under the trading symbol “AKBA.”

Akebia has engaged MacKenzie as its proxy solicitor for the Akebia Special Meeting. Any questions about the Merger, requests for additional
copies of documents or assistance submitting a proxy or voting your Akebia Shares may be directed to MacKenzie by mail at 1407 Broadway, 27th
Floor, New York, NY 10018 or via email at proxy@mackenziepartners.com. Akebia shareholders may call MacKenzie toll-free at (800) 322-2885.

Keryx has engaged Georgeson as its proxy solicitor for the Keryx Special Meeting. Any questions about the Merger, requests for additional copies
of documents or assistance submitting a proxy or voting your Keryx Shares may be directed to Georgeson at 1290 Avenue of the Americas, 9th Floor,
New York, NY 10104. Keryx shareholders may call Georgeson toll-free at (888) 680-1525.
 

186



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 199/209

Table of Contents

Annex A – Merger Agreement and First Amendment to the Merger Agreement

The Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of June 28, 2018, as amended on October 1, 2018 (and as amended from time to time, the “Agreement”),
contains representations, warranties and covenants that were made only for purposes of the Agreement and as of specific dates; were solely for the
benefit of the parties to the Agreement; may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the parties, including being qualified by confidential disclosures
made for the purposes of allocating contractual risk between the parties to the Agreement instead of establishing these matters as facts; and may be
subject to standards of materiality applicable to the contracting parties that differ from those applicable to investors. Akebia’s shareholders and Keryx’s
shareholders and other investors are not third-party beneficiaries under the Agreement and should not rely on the representations, warranties and
covenants or any description thereof as characterizations of the actual state of facts or condition of Akebia, Keryx, or any of their respective subsidiaries
or affiliates. Moreover, information concerning the subject matter of the representations, warranties and covenants may change after the date of the
Agreement, which subsequent information may or may not be fully reflected in public disclosures by Akebia or Keryx.

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

by and among

AKEBIA THERAPEUTICS, INC.,

ALPHA THERAPEUTICS MERGER SUB, INC.,

and

KERYX BIOPHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

Dated June 28, 2018



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 200/209

Table of Contents

TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
ARTICLE 1 THE MERGER    A-2 

1.01  The Merger    A-2 
1.02  Closing    A-2 
1.03  Effective Time    A-2 
1.04  Effects of the Merger    A-2 
1.05  Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation    A-2 
1.06  Directors and Officers of Surviving Corporation    A-2 
1.07  Treatment of Keryx Shares and Keryx Equity Awards    A-3 
1.08  Closing of the Keryx Transfer Books    A-4 
1.09  Exchange Fund; Exchange of Certificates    A-4 
1.10  Withholding    A-6 
1.11  Adjustments to Prevent Dilution    A-7 
1.12  Further Action    A-7 
1.13  Post-Merger Operations    A-7 

ARTICLE 2 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF KERYX    A-8 

2.01  Organization and Corporate Power    A-8 
2.02  Authorization; Valid and Binding Agreement    A-8 
2.03  Capital Stock    A-8 
2.04  Subsidiaries    A-9 

2.05  
No Breach

   
A-
10 

2.06  
Consents, etc

   
A-
10 

2.07  
SEC Reports; Disclosure Controls and Procedures

   
A-
10 

2.08  
No Undisclosed Liabilities

   
A-
12 

2.09  
Absence of Certain Developments

   
A-
12 

2.10  
Compliance with Laws

   
A-
12 

2.11  
Title to Properties

   
A-
13 

2.12  
Tax Matters

   
A-
13 

2.13  
Contracts and Commitments

   
A-
15 

2.14  
Intellectual Property

   
A-
16 

2.15  
Litigation

   
A-
18 

2.16  
Insurance

   
A-
19 

2.17  
Employee Benefit Plans

   
A-
19 

2.18  
Environmental Compliance and Conditions

   
A-
20 

2.19  
Employment and Labor Matters

   
A-
21 

2.20  
FDA and Regulatory Matters

   
A-
22 

2.21  
Brokerage

   
A-
24 

2.22  
Disclosure

   
A-
24 

2.23  
Ownership of Akebia Shares

   
A-
25 

2.25  
Opinion

   
A-
25 



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 201/209

2.26  
No Other Representations and Warranties

   
A-
25 

ARTICLE 3 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF AKEBIA AND MERGER SUB    
A-
25 

3.01  
Organization and Corporate Power

   
A-
25 

3.02  
Authorization; Valid and Binding Agreement

   
A-
26 

3.03  
Capital Stock

   
A-
26 

3.04  
Subsidiaries

   
A-
27 

3.05  
No Breach

   
A-
27 

3.06  
Consents, etc

   
A-
28 

 
A-i



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 202/209

Table of Contents

3.07  
SEC Reports; Disclosure Controls and Procedures

   
A-
28 

3.08  
No Undisclosed Liabilities

   
A-
29 

3.09  
Absence of Certain Developments

   
A-
29 

3.10  
Compliance with Laws

   
A-
30 

3.11  
Title to Properties

   
A-
30 

3.12  
Tax Matters

   
A-
31 

3.13  
Contracts and Commitments

   
A-
32 

3.14  
Intellectual Property

   
A-
34 

3.15  
Litigation

   
A-
36 

3.16  
Insurance

   
A-
36 

3.17  
Employee Benefit Plans

   
A-
36 

3.18  
Environmental Compliance and Conditions

   
A-
38 

3.19  
Employment and Labor Matters

   
A-
38 

3.20  
FDA and Regulatory Matters

   
A-
39 

3.21  
Brokerage

   
A-
41 

3.22  
Disclosure

   
A-
42 

3.23  
Ownership of Keryx Shares

   
A-
42 

3.25  
Opinion

   
A-
42 

3.26  
Merger Sub

   
A-
42 

3.27  
No Other Representations and Warranties

   
A-
42 

ARTICLE 4 COVENANTS RELATING TO CONDUCT OF BUSINESS    
A-
43 

4.01  
Covenants of Keryx

   
A-
43 

4.02  
Covenants of Akebia

   
A-
45 

4.03  
No Control of Other Party’s Business

   
A-
48 

ARTICLE 5 ADDITIONAL COVENANTS OF THE PARTIES    
A-
48 

5.01  
Investigation

   
A-
48 

5.02  
Registration Statement and Proxy Statement for Shareholder Approval

   
A-
49 

5.03  
Shareholders’ Meetings

   
A-
50 

5.04  
Non-Solicitation

   
A-
51 

5.05  
Regulatory Approvals; Additional Agreements; Performance of Merger Sub

   
A-
54 

5.06  
Employee and Labor Matters

   
A-
55 



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 203/209

5.07  
Indemnification of Officers and Directors

   
A-
56 

5.08  
Public Disclosure

   
A-
57 

5.09  
NASDAQ Listing of Additional Shares

   
A-
58 

5.10  
Takeover Laws

   
A-
58 

5.11  
Section 16

   
A-
58 

5.12  
Convertible Notes

   
A-
58 

5.13  
Stockholder Litigation

   
A-
58 

5.14  
Cooperation

   
A-
58 

5.15  
Tax Matters

   
A-
59 

5.16  
Resignation of Directors

   
A-
59 

ARTICLE 6 CONDITIONS TO CLOSING    
A-
59 

6.01  
Conditions to All Parties’ Obligations

   
A-
59 

6.02  
Conditions to Akebia’s and Merger Sub’s Obligations

   
A-
59 

6.03  
Conditions to Keryx’s Obligations

   
A-
60 

6.04  
Waiver of Conditions

   
A-
61 

 
A-ii



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 204/209

Table of Contents

ARTICLE 7 TERMINATION    
A-
61 

7.01  
Termination

   
A-
61 

7.02  
Effect of Termination

   
A-
62 

7.03  
Termination Fees

   
A-
62 

ARTICLE 8 MISCELLANEOUS    
A-
64 

8.01  
Expenses

   
A-
64 

8.02  
Amendment

   
A-
65 

8.03  
Waiver

   
A-
65 

8.04  
No Survival of Representations and Warranties

   
A-
65 

8.05  
Entire Agreement; Counterparts

   
A-
65 

8.06  
Applicable Law; Jurisdiction

   
A-
66 

8.07  
Waiver of Jury Trial

   
A-
66 

8.08  
Assignability

   
A-
66 

8.09  
No Third Party Beneficiaries

   
A-
66 

8.10  
Notices

   
A-
66 

8.11  
Certain Definitions

   
A-
67 

8.12  
Other Definitional Provisions

   
A-
79 

8.13  
Severability

   
A-
79 

8.14  
Specific Performance

   
A-
79 

Annex A – Akebia Tax Representation Letter to Latham & Watkins LLP
Annex B – Keryx Tax Representation Letter to Goodwin Procter LLP
 

A-iii



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 205/209

Table of Contents

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

This AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER (this “Agreement”) is dated June 28, 2018, by and among Akebia Therapeutics, Inc.
(“Akebia”), a Delaware corporation, Alpha Therapeutics Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Akebia
(“Merger Sub”), and Keryx Biopharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Keryx”).

WHEREAS, the board of directors of Akebia (the “Akebia Board”) and the board of directors of Keryx (the “Keryx Board”) have each
determined that a business combination between Akebia and Keryx presents an opportunity for their respective companies to achieve long-term
financial and strategic benefits and accordingly have determined to effect a business combination upon the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement;

WHEREAS, the Akebia Board and the Keryx Board each propose to effect a business combination pursuant to which Merger Sub will
merge with and into Keryx, with Keryx surviving as a wholly-owned direct subsidiary of Akebia, and pursuant to which each share of common stock of
Keryx, $0.001 par value per share (a “Keryx Share”) outstanding at the Effective Time will be converted into the right to receive 0.37433 fully paid and
non-assessable shares of common stock of Akebia, $0.00001 par value per share (an “Akebia Share”) (such ratio, as such number may be adjusted in
accordance with Article 1, the “Exchange Multiplier”), as more fully provided in this Agreement;

WHEREAS, the Keryx Board has determined that this Agreement and the Contemplated Transactions are advisable and in the best interests
of Keryx and the holders of Keryx Shares (each, a “Keryx Shareholder”) and, by resolutions duly adopted, has approved and adopted this Agreement
and resolved to recommend that the Keryx Shareholders adopt this Agreement;

WHEREAS, the Akebia Board has determined that this Agreement and the Contemplated Transactions, pursuant to which the holders of
Akebia Shares (each, an “Akebia Shareholder”) would have a continuing equity interest in the combined businesses through the continued ownership of
Akebia Shares, are in the best interests of Akebia and the Akebia Shareholders and, by resolutions duly adopted, has approved and adopted this
Agreement and resolved to recommend that the Akebia Shareholders approve the issue of Akebia Shares in connection with the Merger (the “Akebia
Recommendation”);

WHEREAS, the board of directors of Merger Sub (the “Merger Sub Board”), by resolutions duly adopted, has approved and adopted this
Agreement;

WHEREAS, concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, and as a condition and inducement to Akebia’s willingness to
enter into this Agreement, a shareholder of Keryx has executed and delivered that certain Voting Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and between
Akebia and such shareholder (each, a “Voting Agreement”);

WHEREAS, concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, and as a condition and inducement to Keryx’s willingness to
enter into this Agreement, a shareholder of Akebia has executed and delivered a Voting Agreement between Keryx and such shareholder; and

WHEREAS, certain defined terms used in this Agreement are defined in Section 8.11.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises, representations and warranties and mutual covenants contained herein and of other
good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound, the parties agree as
follows:
 

A-1



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 206/209

Table of Contents

ARTICLE 1

THE MERGER

1.01 The Merger. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, in accordance with the Delaware General Corporation Law (the
“DGCL”), at the Effective Time: Merger Sub shall be merged with and into Keryx (the “Merger”). At the Effective Time, the separate corporate
existence of Merger Sub shall cease, and Keryx shall continue as the surviving corporation (the “Surviving Corporation”). The Surviving Corporation
shall continue to exist under the laws of the State of Delaware, with all its rights, privileges, immunities, powers and franchises, unaffected by the
Merger except as set forth in this Article 2. After the Merger, the Surviving Corporation shall be an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Akebia.

1.02 Closing. The closing of the Merger (the “Closing”) shall take place as soon as practicable (and, in any event, within three (3) Business Days)
after satisfaction or (to the extent permitted by applicable Law) waiver of the conditions set forth in Article 6 (other than those conditions that by their
terms are to be satisfied at the closing, but subject to the satisfaction or (to the extent permitted by applicable Law) waiver of such conditions) (such date
the “Closing Date”), at the offices of Latham & Watkins LLP, 200 Clarendon Street, Boston, Massachusetts or by facsimile or other electronic
transmission of documents, unless another date or place is mutually agreed upon in writing by the parties hereto.

1.03 Effective Time. Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, at the Closing, the parties shall cause a certificate of merger (the “Certificate of
Merger”) to be executed, acknowledged and filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware in accordance with the relevant provisions of the
DGCL and shall make all other filings and recordings required under the DGCL. The Merger shall become effective at such time as the Certificate of
Merger has been duly filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware or at such later date or time as may be agreed by Akebia and Keryx in
writing and specified in the Certificate of Merger in accordance with the DGCL or as may be required under the Indenture or the Conversion Agreement
(the effective time of the Merger being referred to as the “Effective Time”).

1.04 Effects of the Merger. The Merger shall have the effects set forth in this Agreement and in the applicable provisions of the DGCL.

1.05 Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation. At the Effective Time, the certificate of incorporation of Keryx shall,
by virtue of the Merger, be amended and restated in its entirety to read as the certificate of incorporation of Merger Sub in effect immediately prior to the
Effective Time reads, except that all references therein to Merger Sub shall be deemed to be references to the Surviving Corporation, until thereafter
changed or amended as provided therein or by applicable Law and, in all cases, subject to Section 5.07; provided, however, that Article 1 thereof shall
read as follows: “The name of the Corporation is Keryx Biopharmaceuticals, Inc.” The bylaws of the Surviving Corporation shall, at the Effective Time,
be amended to be the bylaws of Merger Sub, as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time except that all references therein to Merger Sub shall
be deemed to be references to the Surviving Corporation, until thereafter changed or amended as provided therein or by applicable Law and, in all cases,
subject to Section 5.07.

1.06 Directors and Officers of Surviving Corporation. From and after the Effective Time, the initial directors and officers of the Surviving
Corporation shall be the directors and executive officers of Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time, each to hold office in accordance with
the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of the Surviving Corporation until their respective successors shall have been duly elected, designated or
qualified, or until their earlier death, resignation or removal in accordance with the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of the Surviving Corporation.
 

A-2



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 207/209

Table of Contents

1.07 Treatment of Keryx Shares and Keryx Equity Awards.

(a) At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any further action on the part of Akebia, Merger Sub, Keryx or any holder of
shares thereof:

(i) each Keryx Share held as of the Effective Time by Akebia, Merger Sub or by Keryx as treasury shares (collectively, the “Excluded
Shares”) shall be canceled and retired and shall cease to exist, and no consideration shall be delivered in exchange therefor;

(ii) each Keryx Share held as of the Effective Time by any Subsidiary of either Keryx or Akebia (other than Merger Sub) (collectively,
the “Recap Shares”) shall be converted into and become such number of validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable shares of common stock, par
value $0.01 per share, of the Surviving Corporation such that each such Subsidiary owns the same percentage of the Surviving Corporation
immediately following the Effective Time as such Subsidiary owned of Keryx immediately prior to the Effective Time; and

(iii) subject to Section 1.11, each Keryx Share outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than the Keryx Restricted
Shares that shall be converted into Rollover Restricted Shares pursuant to Section 1.07(b), the Excluded Shares and the Recap Shares) shall be
canceled and converted into the right to receive 0.37433 fully paid and non-assessable Akebia Shares.

The aggregate number of Akebia Shares issuable pursuant to Section 1.07(a)(iii) is referred to as the “Merger Consideration.”

(b) At the Effective Time and subject to Section 1.11:

(i) (x) each Keryx Restricted Share award, to the extent then outstanding and subject to restrictions (including vesting), other than
those restrictions that accelerate or lapse as a result of the Effective Time, shall automatically, without any action on the part of the holders
thereof, be cancelled and converted into, as of the Effective Time, and thereafter evidence an Akebia RSU award with respect to that number of
Akebia Shares that is equal to the product of (A) the number of Keryx Shares subject to such Keryx Restricted Share award as of immediately
prior to the Effective Time, multiplied by (B) the Exchange Multiplier (after such conversion, “Rollover Restricted Shares”) and (y) each Keryx
Share that is the subject of a Keryx Restricted Share award, to the extent then outstanding and whose restrictions (including vesting) accelerate or
lapse as a result of the Effective Time, shall automatically, without any action of the part of the holders thereof, be treated in the same manner as
such other Keryx Shares as provided in Section 1.07(a)(iii); and

(ii) each option to acquire Keryx Shares granted under a Keryx Equity Plan (a “Keryx Option”), to the extent then outstanding and
unexercised, shall automatically, without any action on the part of the holders thereof, be cancelled and converted into and thereafter evidence an
option to acquire Akebia Shares with respect to that number of Akebia Shares that is equal to the product of (A) the number of Keryx Shares
subject to such Keryx Option as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, multiplied by (B) the Exchange Multiplier, rounded down to the
nearest whole number of Akebia Shares (after such conversion, “Rollover Options”), at an exercise price per Akebia Share equal to the quotient
obtained by dividing (x) the per share exercise price of Keryx Options by (y) the Exchange Multiplier, rounded up to the nearest whole cent. To
the extent that Section 409A or Section 421(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), applies to any such Keryx Option,
the foregoing adjustment will be subject to such modifications, if any, as are required to cause the substitution contemplated by this
Section 1.07(b)(ii) to be made in a manner consistent with Section 409A or Section 421(a) of the Code, as applicable.

Following the Effective Time, each Rollover Restricted Share and Rollover Option shall be subject to the same terms and conditions as had
applied to the corresponding Keryx Restricted Share or Keryx Option as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, except for such terms
rendered inoperative by reason of the Merger, subject to such adjustments as reasonably determined by Akebia and Keryx to be necessary or
appropriate to give effect to the conversion or the Merger. Prior to the Effective Time, the parties shall take

 
A-3



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 208/209

Table of Contents

all actions that Akebia and Keryx determine are reasonably necessary or desirable to effectuate the provisions of this Section 1.07(b), including
obtaining board or committee consents or adopting or assuming a Keryx Equity Plan by Akebia and, if requested by Akebia, terminating any
Keryx Equity Plan effective as of the Effective Time. Each party shall provide the other party with drafts of, and a reasonable opportunity to
comment upon, all resolutions and other documents as may be required to effectuate the provisions of this Section 1.07(b). The parties
acknowledge that payment of the cash consideration in lieu of issuing fractional Akebia Shares was not separately bargained-for consideration but
merely represents mechanical rounding off for purposes of avoiding the expense and inconvenience to Akebia that would otherwise be caused by
the issuance of fractional Akebia Shares.

(c) No fractional Akebia Shares shall be issued in connection with the Merger, no dividends or distributions of Akebia shall relate to such
fractional share interests, no certificates for any such fractional shares shall be issued, and such fractional share interests shall not entitle the owner
thereof to vote or to any rights as an Akebia Shareholder. Any Keryx Shareholder who would otherwise be entitled to receive a fraction of an Akebia
Share (including a restricted Akebia Share) pursuant to the Merger (after taking into account all Keryx Shares held immediately prior to the Effective
Time by such holder) shall, in lieu of such fraction of a share and upon surrender of such Certificate or Book-Entry Shares, be paid in cash the dollar
amount determined in accordance with Section 1.09(d).

(d) All calculations performed pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall be calculated to four decimal places (0.0001), where applicable.

(e) At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of Akebia, Merger Sub, Keryx or any holder of shares
thereof, each share of common stock of Merger Sub outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be converted into and become one validly
issued, fully paid and non-assessable share of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Surviving Corporation and, together with the shares
described in Section 1.07(a)(ii), shall constitute the only outstanding shares of common stock of the Surviving Corporation.

(f) In accordance with Section 262 of the DGCL, no appraisal rights shall be available to the Keryx Shareholders in connection with the
Merger.

1.08 Closing of the Keryx Transfer Books. At the Effective Time (i) (A) each certificate formerly representing any Keryx Share (other than an
Excluded Share) (each a “Certificate”) and (B) each uncertificated Keryx Share (“Book-Entry Share”) (other than an Excluded Share) shall cease to be
outstanding and in either case shall represent only the right to receive Akebia Shares (and cash in lieu of any fractional Akebia Shares) as contemplated
by Section 1.07 and any dividends or other distributions to which the holders thereof are entitled pursuant to Section 1.09(e) and all holders of
Certificates or Book-Entry Shares shall cease to have any rights as Keryx Shareholders; and (ii) the stock transfer books of Keryx shall be closed with
respect to all Keryx Shares outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time. No further transfer of any such Keryx Shares shall be made on such
stock transfer books after the Effective Time. If after the Effective Time, a valid Certificate is presented to the Exchange Agent, to the Surviving
Corporation or to Akebia, such Certificate shall be cancelled and shall be exchanged as provided in this Article 1.

1.09 Exchange Fund; Exchange of Certificates.

(a) Akebia shall designate American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC to act as exchange agent in the Merger (the “Exchange Agent”)
for the payment and delivery of the Merger Consideration pursuant to an exchange agent agreement reasonably acceptable to Keryx. At or prior to the
Effective Time, Akebia shall cause to be deposited with the Exchange Agent, for the benefit of the Keryx Shareholders, for exchange in accordance with
this Article 1 through the Exchange Agent, on behalf of itself, the maximum number of Akebia Shares that become issuable pursuant to Section 1.07(a)
(iii) for delivery to the Merger Consideration recipients entitled thereto (such Akebia Shares being the “Exchange Fund”).
 

A-4



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1114220/000119312518312428/d592610ddefm14a.htm 209/209

Table of Contents

(b) At the Effective Time and without any action on the part of any holder, all Book-Entry Shares shall be deemed surrendered to the
Exchange Agent, and Akebia shall cause the Exchange Agent to (i) deliver to each holder of Book-Entry Shares that number of uncertificated whole
Akebia Shares that the holder is entitled to receive pursuant to this Article 1 and cancel such Book-Entry Shares and (ii) mail to each holder of Book-
Entry Shares a check in the amount of any cash payable in respect of such holder Book-Entry Shares pursuant to Section 1.09(d).

(c) Akebia shall cause the Exchange Agent to mail to the record holders of Certificates (other than holders of Recap Shares and Excluded
Shares) (i) a letter of transmittal in customary form and containing such provisions as Akebia and Keryx may reasonably specify (including a provision
confirming that delivery of Certificates shall be effected, and risk of loss and title to Keryx Shares shall pass, only upon delivery of such Certificates to
the Exchange Agent) and (ii) instructions for use in effecting the surrender of Certificates in exchange for the Akebia Shares, as provided in
Section 1.07(a). Upon surrender of a Certificate to the Exchange Agent for exchange, together with a duly executed letter of transmittal and such other
documents as may be reasonably required by the Exchange Agent or Akebia, (A) the holder of such Certificate shall be entitled to receive in exchange a
certificate or evidence of shares in book-entry form representing the number of whole Akebia Shares that such holder has the right to receive pursuant to
the provisions of Section 1.07(a) (and cash in lieu of any fractional Akebia Shares pursuant to Section 1.07(c)) and (B) such Certificate so surrendered
shall immediately be canceled. Until surrendered as contemplated by this Section 1.09(c), each Certificate shall be deemed, from and after the Effective
Time, to represent only the right to receive Akebia Shares (and cash in lieu of any fractional Akebia Shares pursuant to Section 1.09(d)) as contemplated
by this Article 1 and any distribution or dividend with respect to Akebia Shares, the record date for which is after the Effective Time. In the event of a
transfer of ownership of Keryx Shares that is not registered in the transfer records of Keryx, a Certificate or evidence of shares in book-entry form
representing the proper number of Akebia Shares may be issued to a Person other than the Person in whose name such Certificate so surrendered is
registered if such Certificate is properly endorsed or otherwise be in proper form for transfer, and the Person requesting such issuances pays any transfer
or other Taxes required by reason of the issuance of the Akebia Shares to a person other than the registered holder of such Keryx Shares or establish to
the satisfaction of Akebia that such Taxes have been paid or are not applicable. If any Certificate shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, Akebia may,
in its discretion and as a condition precedent to the issuance of any certificate or evidence of shares in book-entry form representing Akebia Shares,
require the owner of such lost, stolen or destroyed Certificate to provide an appropriate affidavit and to deliver a bond (in such sum as Akebia may
reasonably direct) as indemnity against any claim that may be made against the Exchange Agent, Akebia or the Surviving Corporation with respect to
such Certificate.

(d)

(i) As promptly as practicable following the Effective Time, Akebia shall cause the Exchange Agent to determine the excess of (A) the
number of whole Akebia Shares issued and delivered to the Exchange Agent representing the Merger Consideration over (B) the aggregate
number of whole Akebia Shares to be distributed to former holders of Keryx Shares pursuant to Section 1.0


